http://www.uwindsor.ca/blackboard
University of Windsor's LMS - Blackboard Home Updates Help by Role General Help Instructors Students GATAs BlackBoard Learn For Instructors For Students Help and Videos FAQ Governance LMS Steering Committee LMS Advisory Committee LMS Team LMS Customization Request Blog Log In BlackBoard Support Transfer Final Grades to UWinsite Instructors can transfer grades from Blackboard to UWinsite Student directly. In order to transfer a column containing the values for your students' final grades from Blackboard's Grade Centre, you need to be the Instructor of Record on that course. Locate the Transfer Final Grades tool in your Control Panel -> Course Tools -> Transfer Final Grades. View a short video on this tool. More on using this tool in the Transfer Final Grades from Blackboard to UWinsite Student article. Training Sessions Instructors and their assistants can receive training with F2F classes or through online self-paced, non-facilitated Blackboard courses. Welcome to BlackBoard Support Online self-help is only a click away! Select the role you are seeking help for below, "Students, Instructors, or GATAs" and see if the links provided get you what you need! If not, feel free to submit a Service Request for customized help. This online resource has been designed to offer help by role, and by commonly used function. The search field also provides a keyword search option within the University of Windsor's local help pages. Finally, if all else fails here, try a google search and enter your question and include Blackboard, and there's a good chance that someone on the planet has had the same question as you! For Students Getting Started for Students Blackboard App (Student) Student FAQs Student Help: Assignments Blackboard Student Help: Grading Student Help: Group Work Student Help: Discussions Student Help: Tests More from Blackboard for Students For Instructors Getting Started for Instructors Grading for Instructors Groupwork for Instructors Building Courses Communicate and Collaborate Assessments for Instructors More from Blackboard for Instructors GATA Support GATA: Grading GATA: Student Material Troubleshooting GATA: Managing Course Material GATA: Communication More from Blackboard for Instructors, and their Assistants Need Help? We recommend submitting a Service Request to get directed, customized support as the most expeditious approach for your Blackboard related questions and issues. One of the LMS Team members will respond as quickly as possible! © Copyright 2018 University of Windsor. | This page was last updated on September 17, 2019.
