http://www.uwindsor.ca/economics/economics-help-centre
Economics Help Centre | Economics - University of Windsor Text Only Site Search Search About the University Academic Programs Research Admissions Student Life Giving International Gateways for: Future Students Current Students Faculty & Staff Alumni Log in to myUWindsor Economics Undergraduate Programs Courses Course Selection Guide Financial Aid Master Program Program Description Apply Excellent Graduates Financial Aid and Tuition M.A.E.P. Program Program Description Apply Tuition and Fees Our Faculty Seminar Series Working Papers Series Department Reports Our Location Faculty of Science Home / Economics / Economics Help Centre Economics Help Centre Economics Help Centre Resources: Staffed by graduate and teaching assistants to assist students in understanding course material (Some are assigned to support students in specific courses, while others are available to support all students) Although, some computers are available for student use with a TA/GA, including use of the program MYECONLAB, you should bring your personal computer if available Audience: Open to students enrolled in an undergraduate economics course including non-majors Location: G139 Chrysler Hall North Hours: (Please refer to your course syllabus, or contact your instructor, for hours of operation) Contact Information: Economics, 1184 CHN cahill@uwindsor.ca (519) 253-3000 Ext. 2368 Current Student Information The Department of Economics now has a LinkedIn group page! If you are a current or former student (graduate or undergraduate) of the Department of Economics at the University of Windsor you are strongly encouraged to join our group page. Click here to get to the official group page. MAEP program questions should be sent to the Director of the MAEP program, Dr. Jay Rhee jayrhee@uwindsor.ca Undergraduate Economics program questions should be sent to the Undergraduate Advisor, Dr. V. Bajic vbajic@uwindsor.ca Graduate MA Economics program questions not answered here should be sent to the Graduate Secretary at kives@uwindsor.ca Course Outlines Library Resources (Economics) Student Medical Certificate Teaching Assistant (TA) application. Winter deadline is December 9, 2019. Graduate Assistant (GA) application. Winter deadline is December 9, 2019. Department news Economist to probe resistance to water recycling University mourns death of retired economics professor John Strick Campus mourns death of retired economics professor Ralph Kolinski View All Contact Us University Directory Campus Map Faculty of Arts, Humanities & Social Sciences Faculty of Education & Academic Development Faculty of Engineering Faculty of Graduate Studies Faculty of Human Kinetics Faculty of Law Faculty of Nursing Odette School of Business Faculty of Science Centre for Executive and Professional Education Undergraduate: Academic Programs How to apply Graduate: Academic Programs Admissions Scholarships & Awards Residence Food Services Student Support Academic Calendar Virtual Tour Visitor Information Campus Maps Parking Athletics & Recreation Services Lancers Varsity Sports University Players Accessibility Services Events Calendar Office of the President Leddy Library Bookstore Alumni Events & Reunions Media Contact News & Publications Social Media Mobile App Employment Opportunities
