http://www.uwindsor.ca/nursing/nursing-lab
Nursing Lab | Faculty of Nursing Skip to main content University of Windsor Search Enter the terms you wish to search for. Search Support UWindsor CLOSE QUICK LINKS Current Students Blackboard UWinsite Student Faculty + Staff UWinsite Finance Alumni + Donors Industry + Community Partners Faculty of Nursing About Us Admission & Program Information Resources for Current Students Research Awards & Scholarships Employment Opportunities About Overview Office of the President Virtual Tour Visitor Information Campus Maps Parking Place of Promise VIEW Magazine Academics Programs Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs International Programs Co-operative Education Continuing Education Support Office of the Registrar Student Awards Office of the Provost Faculties Arts, Humanities, and Social Sciences Law Education Nursing Engineering Business Graduate Studies Human Kinetics Science Research Overview Vice-President, Research & Innovation Research & Innovation Services Research Appointments Research Ethics Research Safety Animal Care Research Finance Leddy Library UWill Discover! EPICentre Student Life Overview UWindsor Events SoCA Concerts & Events Lancers Varsity Sports University Players Athletics + Recreation Services Student Accessibility Services Residence Food Services Student Support Back to Top FUTURE STUDENTS ask.UWindsor MENU ask.UWindsor FUTURE STUDENTS Faculty of Nursing About Us Admission & Program Information Resources for Current Students Research Awards & Scholarships Employment Opportunities Faculty of Nursing In this section Dean's Message About Us Admission & Program Information Awards & Scholarships Faculty & Staff Resources for Current Students Research Giving Clubs and Chapters Contact Us Useful Links Dean's Message About Us Admission & Program Information Awards & Scholarships Faculty & Staff Resources for Current Students Research Giving Clubs and Chapters Contact Us Useful Links UWindsor Home Faculty of Nursing Nursing Lab Nursing Lab About the Lab Lab Guidelines Location Hours of Operation Contact Info The Nursing Lab contains: Two health assessment labs A ward unit practice lab A computer centre equipped with 25 computers and a printer (GoPrint system) An extensive selection of health promotion materials, resources and models Students use/visit the lab to: Utilize available mannequins, models and equipment to practice any psychomotor skill Review videos/DVDs related to specific skills or nursing concepts to refresh or expand their knowledge base Visit the computer lab to study or work on assignments Reserve educational equipment to assist with client or community teaching plans Check out our great selection of pamphlets and posters for use in teaching Use one of the many reference textbooks Make an appointment with a lab staff member to review or practice specific skills The Nursing Lab & Education Coordinator is available to assist students in their learning. As well, our peer mentoring program allows nursing students to assist their peers with learning. Peer Mentors are 3rd or 4th year nursing students who are hired into the lab based on recommendations by Clinical Instructors. Peer Mentors are available at select times daily to assist students with skill practice. View the Lab Guidelines. Location: The lab is located on the second floor of the Anthony P. Toldo Health Education Centre in Room 210. Hours of Operation: Note: Hours are subject to change without notice. Drop-ins welcome, however, appointments are highly recommended. Call 519.253.3000, x2282 for an appointment or email lacey.rivest@uwindsor.ca. Peer mentors are available at select times - please see Clinical Learning Centre Blackboard site announcements for peer mentor availability and details related to lab hours. Hours for April 24 to August 30 2019 (subject to change without notice): Independent Lab Practice Monday-Friday 0900-1500 Hours may vary due to holidays, etc. Please check the Clinical Learning Centre Blackboard site for changes to the schedule. Peer mentors are available for limited appointments throughout the summer. Please contact Lacey Rivest(contact information below) to schedule an appointment. Regular Lab hours with peer mentor appointments will begin September 3, 2019. For more information, please contact: Lacey Rivest Clinical Lab Coordinator T: 519.253.3000, x2282 E: lacey.rivest@uwindsor.ca. share tweet save Tweets by UWinNursing share tweet save Contact Us University Directory Accessibility News Services for Media UWindsor mobile apps Terms & Conditions Policies Manage UWin Account Emergency Services for Students Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Facebook Follow us on LinkedIn Follow us on Flickr Follow us on Youtube Follow us on Instagram
