http://www.uwindsor.ca/bbhelp
Service - Blackboard Learn
 Updating... Skip to main content Filter your search by categories All Knowledge Base Service Catalog Questions Search Sign In Show Applications Menu Client Portal Sign In Search Home | Help | Notifications Services Knowledge Base Questions More Applications Skip to Services content Services A-Z Search Services Service Catalog Teaching & Learning Blackboard Learn Blackboard Learn Tags blackboard blackboard-instructors blackboard-students Blackboard is the Learning Management System (LMS) that the University of Windsor supports. It is a robust system with several communication tools including Announcements, Discussions, and a Virtual Classroom called Blackboard Collaborate Ultra; multiple assessment options such as Tests and Assignments; and interactive tools including Journals, Blogs, Discussions and Wiki. Students can see all of their coursework along with their grades in one location. Login to Blackboard at blackboard.uwindsor.ca using your UWin Account. Find your courses by selecting the “Courses” tab at the top of the Blackboard site. Requesting Assistance Have a question about this service? Ask it here. UWindsor’s Blackboard’s Online Self-Help pages: http://www.uwindsor.ca/blackboard Training for Instructors and their assistants for Blackboard: http://www.uwindsor.ca/bbworkshops UWindsor’s Blackboard Project site: http://www.uwindsor.ca/bbproject (this is where we host a page about upcoming or recent upgrades under – Updates, and requests for customization under - Governance) To request assistance with Blackboard related issues, please click on the Open Ticket button on the right. This will bring up a form that you will need to fill-out and submit to open a support ticket with the I.T. Service Desk. You will receive a confirmation e-mail with the ticket reference number and additional instructions. Open Ticket × Share Recipient(s) - separate email addresses with a comma Message Check out this service request I found in the University of Windsor service catalog.

https://uwindsor.teamdynamix.com/TDClient/1975/Portal/Requests/ServiceDet?ID=9789

Blackboard Learn

Blackboard is the Learning Management System (LMS) that the University of Windsor supports. It is a robust system with several communication tools including Announcements, Discussions, and a Virtual Classroom called Blackboard Collaborate Ultra; multiple assessment options such as Tests and Assignments; and interactive tools including Journals, Blogs, Discussions and Wiki. Send Close
