https://www.uwindsor.ca/success/319/about-lead
About Lead | Student Success and Leadership Centre Skip to main content University of Windsor Search Enter the terms you wish to search for. Search Support UWindsor CLOSE QUICK LINKS Current Students Blackboard UWinsite Student Faculty + Staff UWinsite Finance Alumni + Donors Industry + Community Partners About Overview Office of the President Virtual Tour Visitor Information Campus Maps Parking Place of Promise VIEW Magazine Academics Programs Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs International Programs Co-operative Education Continuing Education Support Office of the Registrar Student Awards Office of the Provost Faculties Arts, Humanities, and Social Sciences Law Education Nursing Engineering Business Graduate Studies Human Kinetics Science Research Overview Vice-President, Research & Innovation Research & Innovation Services Research Appointments Research Ethics Research Safety Animal Care Research Finance Leddy Library UWill Discover! EPICentre Student Life Overview UWindsor Events SoCA Concerts & Events Lancers Varsity Sports University Players Athletics + Recreation Services Student Accessibility Services Residence Food Services Student Support Back to Top FUTURE STUDENTS ask.UWindsor MENU ask.UWindsor FUTURE STUDENTS Student Success and Leadership Centre Student Success and Leadership Centre Main Menu Your Success Matters! Academic Advising Alternative Spring Break Bounce Back Co-Curricular Record Connecting for Success External Scholarships & Awards Lead Leadership Hub Orientation Outstanding Scholars Skills to Enhance Personal Success (STEPS) Writing Support Desk Support for Parents Contact Information Your Success Matters! Academic Advising Alternative Spring Break Bounce Back Co-Curricular Record Connecting for Success External Scholarships & Awards Lead Leadership Hub Orientation Outstanding Scholars Skills to Enhance Personal Success (STEPS) Writing Support Desk Support for Parents Contact Information UWindsor Home Student Success and Leadership Centre Main Menu About Lead About Lead LEAD Applications are now closed. Thank you for your interest in our program. Want to be a LEAD Volunteer? Volunteer with LEAD to make a difference both on and off campus! Applications for all LEAD positions will open February 2020. In the meantime, you can review the volunteer commitments, the different positions available, and the steps to apply. Check back here in February to apply. Volunteering in all LEAD positions will qualify as an entry on your CCR (Co-Curricular Record). LEAD Volunteer Expectations As a LEAD volunteer, you will... Develop a stronger sense of student identity and pride Graduate with more relevant work skills Become aware of campus services and resources, and use them to maximize your unique university experience Develop a sense of respect and interest for those who are different from you Create connections and networks Our purpose is to provide experiential learning opportunities to students, that stimulate their personal growth and development throughout their university career by utilizing the Five Fundamentals of Lead. 1. Mentorship: To guide and support a peer throughout their transition to the UWindsor campus culture. 2. Critical Thinking: To self-reflect and consider perspectives different from their own and use these judgments in real-world applications. 3. Teamwork: To work effectively and respectively as part of a group towards a common goal. 4. Professionalism: To exhibit conduct that meets the goals, and qualities that demonstrate a superior customer service experience. 5. Campus Spirit: To positively represent and take pride in UWindsor. share tweet save share tweet save Contact Us University Directory Accessibility News Services for Media UWindsor mobile apps Terms & Conditions Policies Manage UWin Account Emergency Services for Students Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Facebook Follow us on LinkedIn Follow us on Flickr Follow us on Youtube Follow us on Instagram
