http://www.uwindsor.ca/cashiers
Student Accounts / Cashiers  | Finance Department Skip to main content University of Windsor Search Enter the terms you wish to search for. Search Support UWindsor CLOSE QUICK LINKS Current Students Blackboard UWinsite Student Faculty + Staff UWinsite Finance Alumni + Donors Industry + Community Partners About Overview Office of the President Virtual Tour Visitor Information Campus Maps Parking Place of Promise VIEW Magazine Academics Programs Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs International Programs Co-operative Education Continuing Education Support Office of the Registrar Student Awards Office of the Provost Faculties Arts, Humanities, and Social Sciences Law Education Nursing Engineering Business Graduate Studies Human Kinetics Science Research Overview Vice-President, Research & Innovation Research & Innovation Services Research Appointments Research Ethics Research Safety Animal Care Research Finance Leddy Library UWill Discover! EPICentre Student Life Overview UWindsor Events SoCA Concerts & Events Lancers Varsity Sports University Players Athletics + Recreation Services Student Accessibility Services Residence Food Services Student Support Back to Top FUTURE STUDENTS ask.UWindsor MENU ask.UWindsor FUTURE STUDENTS Finance Department Finance Department Budgets & Financial Services Home Financial Accounting & Reporting Cash & Accounts Receivable Accounting Audited Financial Statements Gifts, Endowments and Trusts Research Finance Taxes Treasury Budgets & Financial Services Accounts Payable Budgets Customs Financial Aid Operating Budgets Payroll Procurement Purchasing Student Accounts / Cashiers Drop Dates Exchange Rate Frequently Asked Questions Opt Outs Payment Options Refunds Tax Forms Unpaid Accounts Tuition Fee Estimator UWinsite Finance 2019 Year End FAQs Resource Listing Training Getting Help Glossary of Policies, Procedures & Forms Home Financial Accounting & Reporting Cash & Accounts Receivable Accounting Audited Financial Statements Gifts, Endowments and Trusts Research Finance Taxes Treasury Budgets & Financial Services Accounts Payable Budgets Customs Financial Aid Operating Budgets Payroll Procurement Purchasing Student Accounts / Cashiers Drop Dates Exchange Rate Frequently Asked Questions Opt Outs Payment Options Refunds Tax Forms Unpaid Accounts Tuition Fee Estimator UWinsite Finance 2019 Year End FAQs Resource Listing Training Getting Help Glossary of Policies, Procedures & Forms UWindsor Home Finance Department Budgets & Financial Services Student Accounts / Cashiers Student Accounts / Cashiers Cashier’s Office Hours: Effective February 11, 2019 Counter Service: Monday, Wednesday & Fridays 1:00 pm – 4:00 pm Tuesday & Thursday 9:00 am – 4:00 pm Phone Service: Monday, Wednesday & Fridays 1:00 pm – 4:00 pm Tuesday & Thursday 9:00 am – 12pm and 2pm – 4:00 pm Manager, Financial Services: Tina Pavicic Deadline Dates: Fall: August 15 Winter: December 15 Summer: May 15 Third Party Sponsors The University defines a sponsor as a third party organization or group that is covering some or all of the costs of a student's fees. This includes (but is not limited to) Native Groups, Government Embassies, WSIB Claimants or Employers of students. If you are interested in sponsoring a student, please read the Sponsor Introduction Letter. As a student, you can find information regarding your sponsor in the Student Introduction Letter. A Sponsor Approval Request Form and Authorization to Invoice Form are required for each student. Please send sponsor inquiries to sponsor@uwindsor.ca. Additional Information You can view tuition information online using the Student Portal. Scholarships, bursaries, residence and meal plan charges appear on your account in early August for Fall semester and early December for Winter semester. Statements are emailed in early August for Fall semester and early December for Winter semester. If you require a hard copy statement (required if paying at a bank) email cashiers@uwindsor.ca and one will be sent to the address on file in UWinsite Student. If you are paying by cheque/bank draft/money order, ensure your Student ID is clearly marked to ensure credit to the proper account. Allow time for mailing to ensure your payment arrives before the deadline. Auditing Courses A student who audits a course(s) is one who attends a course(s), but, does not receive credit for the course(s) towards their degree. Such a student will not be eligible to write examinations and may not be graded but, will be required to pay the stated fee(s) for the course(s). Contact us if you have questions about fees, payments, or financial policies. Mission & Vision The Student Accounts office is a unit within the Budgets and Financial Services department responsible for responding to student inquiries on the payment of fees in a timely and efficient manner. We ensure all students are informed on their account related services while adhering to confidentiality policies and regulations. Confidentiality To preserve the confidentiality of financial records, staff are required to maintain a strict confidentiality policy regarding student's accounts. Staff cannot allow anybody but the student to access information from their accounts without the authorization of the student. This includes receipts, statements or discussion of financial records. Failure to obey this policy may result in disciplinary action against the staff member. University Bylaws prohibit the release of a Student ID to anyone but the student. If you do not know the ID of a student, contact them directly to obtain it. We recognize parents often pay students accounts, thus, the Cashiers Office created a process to allow students to authorize us to speak to any individuals they wish to discuss their financial accounts with. The authorization form is available on UWinsite Student under the Self Service - Delegated Access. Authorization is limited to the financial record, granted annually, and can be canceled anytime. Income Tax Forms for Students Students may access their T2202A forms through their UWinsite Student account. T4A slips are available on UWinsite Student so log in and provide consent to receive your T4A under Account Services - Income Tax Form. Summer Full-Time Programs The following are summer full-time programs. If you are enrolled in a minimum of 4 courses, you will be deemed full-time for the Summer and charged accordingly. You are required to pay full-time UWSA fees if you have not paid this fee in the previous Fall and Winter terms. Engineering: 3rd & 4th year (semester 5 & above) Any Business Administration Co-op Program: 3rd & 4th year (semester 5 & above) Any Computer Science Co-op Program: 3rd & 4th year (semester 5 & above) Environmental Biology Co-op Program: 3rd year (semester & 6) All Human Kinetics Co-op Programs: 2nd year (semester 3 & 4) MBA Program: All levels All Graduate Programs as Determined by Graduate Studies: All levels U.S. Neighbour Rate We offer Americans a tuition fee of $9300 CAD/semester (subject to change), a savings compared to international rates. To qualify, you must: be registered part time or full time in an undergrad program, be a US citizen, provide a valid study permit to the International Student Centre at the beginning of their first semester and offer renewed permits when granted. Students taking part-time courses will pay $1860 CAD/course. Incidental fees, residence and meal plan charges are not included and are charged in CDN dollars. Entrance Awards, Scholarships, and Bursaries If you receive entrance awards, scholarships, and bursaries, they are applied 50% in the Fall and 50% in the Winter, except for Entrance Bursaries, which are applied 100% in the Fall. These awards should appear on your account in early to mid-August. If they do not appear when you are ready to pay but know you are eligible for them, deduct that amount from your fees owing. If you already paid and have been awarded scholarships, awards or bursaries and your account has a negative balance, you qualify for a refund. A refund cheque must be requested through UWinsite Student. The refund may be requested any time, however, the refund will be generated ASAP (end of Sept for Fall and end of Feb for Winter). Contact Information Student Accounts Office University of Windsor Chrysler Hall North, 1st Floor 401 Sunset Avenue Windsor, Ontario Canada N9B 3P4 Phone: (519) 253-3000 ext. 3307 Fax: (519) 561-1434 Email: cashiers@uwindsor.ca share tweet save share tweet save Contact Us University Directory Accessibility News Services for Media UWindsor mobile apps Terms & Conditions Policies Manage UWin Account Emergency Services for Students Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Facebook Follow us on LinkedIn Follow us on Flickr Follow us on Youtube Follow us on Instagram
