http://www.uwindsor.ca/uwinid
Service - UWin Account
 Updating... Skip to main content Filter your search by categories All Knowledge Base Service Catalog Questions Search Sign In Show Applications Menu Client Portal Sign In Search Home | Help | Notifications Services Knowledge Base Questions More Applications Skip to Services content Services A-Z Search Services Service Catalog Accounts & Passwords UWin Account UWin Account Tags uwinid Your UWin Account is your personal digital identification for accessing a number of on-line services at the University of Windsor. A valid and active UWin Account is required of everyone associated with the University of Windsor who plans on using any of the IT systems and services. The UWin account has two components: UWin ID (also known as userid, login or user name) UWin password. Generating and Activating UWin Account University employees are able to submit requests for a new UWin Account to be generated for a new hire, or a guest. Sponsor a new UWin Account Before your UWin Account is ready to be used, it needs to be activated. The activation process is different for different groups of users. For more information, please see this Knowledge Base article: How do I activate my UWin Account? UWin ID UWin ID is a string that uniquely identifies you on our network. It appears on the front of the "@" sign in your University of Windsor's primary e-mail address (userid@uwindsor.ca) and it is being used as login name for most University computer systems. Some systems however, such as Office 365, require entire primary e-mail address to be entered as login name (i.e. userid@uwindsor.ca). Changing UWin ID It is generally not permitted to change your UWin ID except under special circumstances. These circumstances fall under the following categories: Legal name changes - before your UWin ID will be changed your name changes must be made in the appropriate systems of record (either the Student Information System or Human Resources). Protecting individuals from harassment. If you feel that you have a valid reason for a change to your UWin ID please click on Open Ticket to submit your request. UWin Password Users generate their UWin password when they activate their UWin account. The UWin password must be sufficiently complex and must meet several guidelines that are outlined in this Knowledge Base article: What are UWin Account password guidelines? As of 2018, all users are required to change their password at least once every 120 days (one a semester). If the password is not changed before it is set to expire, UWin Account will be locked and it can only be unlocked by changing the password. For more information, please see this Knowledge Base article: Why do I have to change my UWin Account password every semester? Users who forgot their password, can have it reset using self-service website (availabale 24/7) or by IT Service Desk staff (during normal business hours only). To use the self-service website, your Security Questions must be configured prior to the first use. For more information, please see these Knowledge Base articles: What to do if I forgot my UWin Account password? How do I configure or update my UWin Account security questions? The UWin password is stored in our central LDAP directory that is being used by the following systems: Blackboard Learn Wireless (WiFi) network UWin Gmail UWinsite Student, Finance, Engage and Service myUWinfo portal (Human Resources) This password is automatically synchronised with a number of other directories and systems: Domino Directory (access to sites and apps on web4 and web6) Oracle Internet Directory or OID (access to portal Oracle apps) Active Directory or AD (access to Office 365, Outlook, OWA, Active Directory Domain Windows login, new wired network) Systems that are not using UWin Account: Novell (in process of being phased out) VIP (Human Resources Information System) Crystal Reports Guest Wireless UWin Account A sponsored guest of the University can be provided temporary access to the campus wireless network for a period of ten days. University of Windsor faculty and staff members may create a guest wireless UWin Account by filling-out and submititng an on-line request form: Request Guest Wireless UWin Account UWin Account Services Change Your UWin Account Password Change Your UWin Account Password (new) Reset Password (Security Questions) Update Your Security Questions Reset Forgotten Password (Student Number & PAC) Display Your Student UWinID Activate Your Student UWin Account Activate Your Employee UWin Account Retirees Renew Your UWin Account Sponsor a UWin Friend Account UWin Friend Account Password Services Create a Guest Wireless Account Request a UWinID for Student Club/Organization Renew an Existing UwinID for a Student Club/Organization Create a Unix ARC1 Account Create Your Personalized Email Address Requesting Assistance Have a question about this service? Ask it here. To request assistance with any UWin Account related issues, please click on Open Ticket button on the right. This will bring up a form that you will need to fill-out and submit to open a support ticket with the I.T. Service Desk. You will receive a confirmation e-mail with the ticket reference number and additional instructions. Open Ticket Related Articles (8) FAQ: UWin Account How do I activate my UWin Account? How do I change my UWin Account password? How do I change or reset my Active Directory password? How will I know that my password is about to expire? UWin Account types and associated services What are UWin Account password guidelines? What to do if I forgot my UWin Account password? × Share Recipient(s) - separate email addresses with a comma Message Check out this service request I found in the University of Windsor service catalog.

https://uwindsor.teamdynamix.com/TDClient/1975/Portal/Requests/ServiceDet?ID=12217

UWin Account

Your UWin Account is your personal digital identification for accessing a number of on-line services at the University of Windsor. A valid and active UWin Account is required of everyone associated with the University of Windsor who plans on using any of the IT systems and services. Send Close
