http://www.uwindsor.ca/sexual-assault
Sexual Assault and Sexual Misconduct Skip to main content University of Windsor Search Enter the terms you wish to search for. Search Support UWindsor CLOSE QUICK LINKS Current Students Blackboard UWinsite Student Faculty + Staff UWinsite Finance Alumni + Donors Industry + Community Partners About Overview Office of the President Virtual Tour Visitor Information Campus Maps Parking Place of Promise VIEW Magazine Academics Programs Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs International Programs Co-operative Education Continuing Education Support Office of the Registrar Student Awards Office of the Provost Faculties Arts, Humanities, and Social Sciences Law Education Nursing Engineering Business Graduate Studies Human Kinetics Science Research Overview Vice-President, Research & Innovation Research & Innovation Services Research Appointments Research Ethics Research Safety Animal Care Research Finance Leddy Library UWill Discover! EPICentre Student Life Overview UWindsor Events SoCA Concerts & Events Lancers Varsity Sports University Players Athletics + Recreation Services Student Accessibility Services Residence Food Services Student Support Back to Top FUTURE STUDENTS ask.UWindsor MENU ask.UWindsor FUTURE STUDENTS Sexual Assault and Sexual Misconduct In this section Home Get Support Give Support Reporting Options Policy Education Resources About the Office Contact Home Get Support Give Support Reporting Options Policy Education Resources About the Office Contact UWindsor Home Sexual Assault and Sexual Misconduct Sexual Misconduct Response & Prevention Office Sexual Misconduct Response & Prevention Office Leave this page quicklyClear your history REPORT AN INCIDENT Get Support If you have experienced sexual misconduct or violence you deserve help and support. If you aren’t sure what to do next, click here for more information. Your voice and your choices matter. Give Support Has someone disclosed an experience that you think might qualify as sexual misconduct? We can offer information on how to provide support. DOWNLOAD REFERRAL SHEET Sexual Assault Statement from the Interim President To all members of the University of Windsor community: The University of Windsor takes very seriously the safety and well-being of students, faculty, staff, and other members of our campus community. We strive to be a place where people are able to study, work, engage, and grow personally, socially, and intellectually without fear of violence, coercion, or harassment of any kind. On this website you will find information about the policies, procedures, and in particular the supports surrounding sexual assault and sexual misconduct. If you or someone you know has experienced sexual misconduct, please make full use of the links and information provided here for assistance. While offering support for individuals who have experienced sexual assault or sexual misconduct, the University of Windsor is also being proactive in emphasizing prevention and education. Programs such as the Bystander Initiative, Flip the Script, and Enhanced Assess, Acknowledge, Act (EAAA) Sexual Assault Resistance seek to reduce the incidence of sexual misconduct and foster a culture of both respect and responsibility for one another. As members of a community that since 1857 has come together to study, to learn, to teach, and to serve, we all have a human investment in caring for one another and in making our University a safe, welcoming, and positive place. The resources on this website are one part of that investment. Sincerely, Douglas Kneale Interim President and Vice-Chancellor Material excerpted from Ontario Women’s Directorate and Ministry of Training, Colleges, and Universities (OWD/MTCU, 2013). Developing a response to sexual violence: A resource guide for Ontario’s colleges and universities. Toronto: Queen’s Printer for Ontario. share tweet save share tweet save Contact Us University Directory Accessibility News Services for Media UWindsor mobile apps Terms & Conditions Policies Manage UWin Account Emergency Services for Students Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Facebook Follow us on LinkedIn Follow us on Flickr Follow us on Youtube Follow us on Instagram
