http://www.universitypharmacy.ca/
University Pharmacy | Your On-Campus Pharmacies Home Compliance Packaging Dosing Systems The Dispill/Dosette Pack Health Topics OHIP+ Children & Youth Pharmacare Program Locations BOOKS plus Pharmacy Prescription Refills & Transfers Drug Plan Coverage Contact Us Fanshawe College Pharmacy Prescription Refills & Transfers Drug Plan Coverage Contact Fanshawe College Pharmacy McMaster University Centre Pharmasave Prescription Refills & Transfers Health & Drug Plan Coverage Contact Us Western On-Campus Pharmacy Western On-Campus Prescription Refills & Transfers Western On-Campus Drug Plan Coverage Contact Us Windsor Student Centre Pharmacy Prescription Refills & Transfers USWA Drug Plan Coverage Contact Us Long Term Care Services Travel Clinic Blog Contact SHOP Prescription Services Learn More Get Your Flu Shot Learn More Shop Online Start Shopping Travel Clinic Learn More FLU SHOTS ARE HERE — GET YOURS TODAY Your University Your On-Campus Pharmacy 01. Fanshawe College Pharmacy Located in London, ON (519) 451-0025 Visit Pharmacy 03. McMaster University Centre Pharmasave Located in Hamilton, ON (905) 540-3787 Visit Pharmacy 04. Books Plus Pharmacy Located in London, ON (519) 661-3193 Visit Pharmacy 02. Western On-Campus Pharmacy Located in London, ON (519) 661-4058 Visit Pharmacy 05. Windsor Student Centre Pharmacy Located in Windsor, ON (519) 971-3644 Visit Pharmacy Online Store Our Shop Save with our lower prices Fast, friendly service shop now a series of informative articles on many health topics Health Library Helpful health advice to help you manage health conditions or live a healthier lifestyle Addictions Close Up Allergy and Asthma Are You Ready for an Emergency? Arthritis Cancer and Chemotherapy Childhood Obesity Contraception View All minimize your health risks when travelling abroad In Store Travel Clinic Start planning six to eight weeks ahead to protect yourself against new illnesses For some destinations (e.g., India, Africa), it might take even longer to prepare. Protect yourself by: Learning about the place you’re travelling to Following health precautions specific to that place – see the Public Health Agency of Canada website Getting immunized against diseases, when possible Find out more Pharmacy Distributors Head Office 23 Quinella Drive London, ON N6K 4H3 Address info@universitypharmacy.ca Email HOW CAN WE HELP? Locations Online Prescription Services Long Term Care Pharmacy Services Contact Us SEARCH FOLLOW US Facebook Instagram Twitter Privacy Policy | Design by MethaneCow University Pharmacy © 2002 - 2019 All Rights Reserved. This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Cookie settingsACCEPT Privacy & Cookies Policy Privacy Overview This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are as essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience. Privacy Overview This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are as essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience. Necessary Always Enabled Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information. Non-necessary Non-necessary Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.
