http://www.uwsa.ca/resources/housing-info/
Housing Info | UWSA - University of Windsor Students' Alliance Home Get Involved Contact Us Staff Directory Service Coordinators Toggle navigation About About UWSA In The News Financials UWSA Opportunities UWSA Services Afrofest Campus Food Pantry Campus Pride Centre Health and Dental Plan Peer Support Centre Scholarships Shinerama Student Groups Universal Bus Pass UWSA Office Services Walksafe Womxn's Centre Afrofest The African Diaspora Festival (Afrofest) is a week-long celebration of African Heritage Month which takes place in February. The week consists of various cultural and educational activities that document and celebrate the contributions made by peoples of African descent to the world. Campus Food Pantry The Food Pantry seeks to empower, aid, and build a culture that it is okay to receive assistance when needed. We are always looking for new people who want to get involved in the food movement, so join us, we will welcome you to the table to build a movement for good food for all. Campus Pride Centre The Campus Pride Centre provides a positive environment for Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, Trans, Queer, Questioning, Two-Spirited, Intersex, Pansexual and Asexual individuals and their allies on the University of Windsor campus. Health and Dental Plan The UWSA, on behalf of its members, negotiates a health and dental plan for those students who are not already covered. This service is provided for students in order to reduce the costs of a benefit plan for students that are not already covered. Peer Support Centre The Peer Support Centre is a drop-in centre where students from across campus can find a supportive peer to talk to. It’s a safe and inclusive space where trained peer support volunteers offer peer counselling to students. Scholarships Every year, the UWSA offers up to $10,000 in scholarships and bursaries. UWSA scholarships are given out based on academic performance, extracurricular activities or community involvement. All undergraduate students are encouraged to apply. Shinerama Shinerama is Canada’s largest post-secondary school fundraiser. Over 35,000 student volunteers from 60 Canadian universities and colleges across the country come together every year to make a difference in the lives of those battling cystic fibrosis (CF). Student Groups With more than 150 student clubs and societies on campus, each UWSA student group has a niche in our campus community. Also check out the UWSA Hub as it is the platform for all things related to student groups at the University of Windsor. Universal Bus Pass In 2016, the UWSA, OPUS and GSS negotiated a universal student bus pass (U-Pass) for UWSA, OPUS and GSS students. The U-Pass allows members to have unlimited rides on the regular Transit Windsor city service during the school year, ensuring affordable and accessible transportation throughout your academic journey. UWSA Office Services The UWSA Office has a variety of services to offer to students. Come drop in during the hours of operations to take advantage of some of these services. You are also able to come to for any other general UWSA questions or inquiries. Walksafe Walksafe is a free service provided for all students, faculty, employees and visitors at the University of Windsor. Walksafe is a student-run, student-staffed volunteer program provided by the UWSA to ensure that everyone feels safe on our campus. Womxn's Centre The Womxn’s Centre operates as a free campus service providing a safe space and welcoming environment for people of all backgrounds and expressions. Student Life Blue Gold Pack Equity Collectives Student Centre Events Get Involved The Lance UWSA Hub Governance Board of Directors Executives Important Documents Minutes Representation Elections Elections Info Results Resources Campus Map Campus Safety Community Legal Aid Housing Info Other Student Associations The Hum Cafe & Lounge About + Contact Menu Photos We The Union We The Union WinterFest 2020 WinterFest 2019 Housing Info HOME / Resources / Housing Info As a Tenant You Need to Know Your Rights! Did you know that if you are sharing accommodations with more than 3 persons you have the right to ask your landlord the following questions: Is this property licensed by the City of Windsor? Does this property meet all fire and building code safety standards? Are there bedrooms in the basement or in the attic spaces? If so, do they meet the requirements of the Ontario Fire or Building Codes? Does this property have the acceptable number of exits? Does this property have the correct number of smoke alarms? Fire extinguishers? Fire Alarms? Emergency Lights? On Campus Housing Living on campus is extremely convenient and puts you at the heart of a small community. It is a great way to get you connected to friends and to campus life. For more information on living on campus, visit the University of Windsor’s Residence page. Off Campus Housing If you want to live off campus, Places4Students.com is an off-campus housing service solution that can help you find your next home. NAVIGATION Campus Map Campus Safety Community Legal Aid Housing Info Other Student Associations Latest Tweets WINTERFEST ALERT! Tickets now on sale. Note: Tickets are tiered, and the price increases with each tier (more inf… twitter.com/i/web/status/11952… Yesterday at 12:00 am WINTERFEST ALERT️ - Tickets on sale THIS FRIDAY More info: www.uwsa.ca/winterfest pic.twitter.com/H6NORP01Ix November 13, 2019 1:25 pm Alright, alright! You waited long enough. WINTERFEST 1.25.2020 - ARTIST REVEAL. TOMORROW @ 1:25 PM pic.twitter.com/4jaHLJifUL November 12, 2019 6:35 pm Complete your Award Consideration Request by Nov 15 and your Award Profile(s) by Nov 30 (all in UWinsite Student) t… twitter.com/i/web/status/11943… November 12, 2019 12:07 pm Check your registration appointment time in UWinsite Student. Remember: this time is when you can start to register… twitter.com/i/web/status/11942… November 12, 2019 10:20 am We’ve been hearing so many rumours...but only one can be true. Lancers, you ready for winter homecoming?… twitter.com/i/web/status/11940… November 11, 2019 4:18 pm Who will it be? ️ #WinterFest20 #winterhomecoming pic.twitter.com/lu2EDfkYGX November 10, 2019 4:18 pm pic.twitter.com/pFcM6ihvbH November 8, 2019 10:07 pm Lancers: You can start planning your Winter 2020 classes and adding them to your shopping cart in UWinsite Student… twitter.com/i/web/status/11913… November 4, 2019 9:29 am Hungry? We got you covered today with Halloween-themed pancakes at 11 AM in the CAW! Wait, did someone say free? pic.twitter.com/v2NLl2hYlx October 30, 2019 10:16 am CONNECT WITH US ﻿ BE A PART OF THE STUDENT MOVEMENT AND GET INVOLVED WITH THE UWSA MAIN OFFICE Windsor, ON, N9B 3P4 Phone: (519) 971-3600 Fax: (519) 971-3654 uwsa@uwindsor.ca Room 209, 2nd Floor CAW Student Centre 401 Sunset Ave HOURS OF OPERATION Monday - Thursday: 9 am - 4 pm Friday: 9 am - 2 pm Saturday - Sunday: Closed CREEP US © 2019 University of Windsor Students’ Alliance. All rights reserved. Staff Resources Admin Privacy Contact Us
