http://www.uwindsor.ca/success/387/transfer-students
Transfer Student Academic Advising | Student Success and Leadership Centre Skip to main content University of Windsor Search Enter the terms you wish to search for. Search Support UWindsor CLOSE QUICK LINKS Current Students Blackboard UWinsite Student Faculty + Staff UWinsite Finance Alumni + Donors Industry + Community Partners About Overview Office of the President Virtual Tour Visitor Information Campus Maps Parking Place of Promise VIEW Magazine Academics Programs Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs International Programs Co-operative Education Continuing Education Support Office of the Registrar Student Awards Office of the Provost Faculties Arts, Humanities, and Social Sciences Law Education Nursing Engineering Business Graduate Studies Human Kinetics Science Research Overview Vice-President, Research & Innovation Research & Innovation Services Research Appointments Research Ethics Research Safety Animal Care Research Finance Leddy Library UWill Discover! EPICentre Student Life Overview UWindsor Events SoCA Concerts & Events Lancers Varsity Sports University Players Athletics + Recreation Services Student Accessibility Services Residence Food Services Student Support Back to Top FUTURE STUDENTS ask.UWindsor MENU ask.UWindsor FUTURE STUDENTS Student Success and Leadership Centre Student Success and Leadership Centre Academic Advising Advising Office Advisors Transfer Students Academic Advising Transfer Students FAQ's UWindsor Course Equivalencies Student Resources Departmental Advisor Resources Advising Office Advisors Transfer Students Academic Advising Transfer Students FAQ's UWindsor Course Equivalencies Student Resources Departmental Advisor Resources UWindsor Home Student Success and Leadership Centre Academic Advising Transfer Student Academic Advising Transfer Student Academic Advising On behalf of the Advising Office, welcome to the University of Windsor! My name is Sydney Murray and I am the Academic Advisor for Transfer Students. I can assist you with general support regarding how to read your Degree Audit, course registration, changing majors and introducing you to the University of Windsor's policies and procedures. Coming to a new institution can be challenging and it is essential to your academic success that you utilize our campus student support services. I encourage you to meet with an Academic Advisor every semester to ensure that you are on the right track, utilize professor’s office hours, and get involved on campus through Lead@Uwindsor or by joining a club! When you have some free time, be sure to explore Windsor-Essex County and all it has to offer, or hop across our boarder to explore Detroit, Michigan! Star-gaze at Point Pelee National Park, enjoy some Italian food on Erie street, explore our biking and hiking trails, attend a concert at Casino Windsor or Little Caesars Arena, purchase tickets to a Detroit Tigers game, and explore world-class galleries and museums! Throughout your undergraduate experience, if you have any questions, feel free to stop by the Advising Office. We are located in Dillon Hall, room 111 (lower level). Sincerely, Sydney Murray Acting Academic Advisor - Transfer Student Support E. Sydney.Murray@uwindsor.ca P. 519-253-3000 Ext. 3977 Dillon Hall, room 110 share tweet save Useful Links Course Add Form: Special Circumstance Request Declaration of Second Degree/Certificate Form Request for Letter of Permission to take Course(s) at Another University for Transfer Credit Form Alternative Final Examination(s) Due to Conflict With Religious Conviction Form Alternative Final Examination(s) Due to 3 Exams Scheduled on the Same Day Form Transfer Student Policy Course Translator FAHSS Academic Advisors STUDENT ACCOUNT DROP PAGE share tweet save Contact Us University Directory Accessibility News Services for Media UWindsor mobile apps Terms & Conditions Policies Manage UWin Account Emergency Services for Students Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Facebook Follow us on LinkedIn Follow us on Flickr Follow us on Youtube Follow us on Instagram
