http://www.uwsa.ca/uwsa-services/campus-pride-centre
Campus Pride Centre at Pride Fest | UWSA - University of Windsor Students' Alliance Home Get Involved Contact Us Staff Directory Service Coordinators Toggle navigation About About UWSA In The News Financials UWSA Opportunities UWSA Services Afrofest Campus Food Pantry Campus Pride Centre Health and Dental Plan Peer Support Centre Scholarships Shinerama Student Groups Universal Bus Pass UWSA Office Services Walksafe Womxn's Centre Afrofest The African Diaspora Festival (Afrofest) is a week-long celebration of African Heritage Month which takes place in February. The week consists of various cultural and educational activities that document and celebrate the contributions made by peoples of African descent to the world. Campus Food Pantry The Food Pantry seeks to empower, aid, and build a culture that it is okay to receive assistance when needed. We are always looking for new people who want to get involved in the food movement, so join us, we will welcome you to the table to build a movement for good food for all. Campus Pride Centre The Campus Pride Centre provides a positive environment for Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, Trans, Queer, Questioning, Two-Spirited, Intersex, Pansexual and Asexual individuals and their allies on the University of Windsor campus. Health and Dental Plan The UWSA, on behalf of its members, negotiates a health and dental plan for those students who are not already covered. This service is provided for students in order to reduce the costs of a benefit plan for students that are not already covered. Peer Support Centre The Peer Support Centre is a drop-in centre where students from across campus can find a supportive peer to talk to. It’s a safe and inclusive space where trained peer support volunteers offer peer counselling to students. Scholarships Every year, the UWSA offers up to $10,000 in scholarships and bursaries. UWSA scholarships are given out based on academic performance, extracurricular activities or community involvement. All undergraduate students are encouraged to apply. Shinerama Shinerama is Canada’s largest post-secondary school fundraiser. Over 35,000 student volunteers from 60 Canadian universities and colleges across the country come together every year to make a difference in the lives of those battling cystic fibrosis (CF). Student Groups With more than 150 student clubs and societies on campus, each UWSA student group has a niche in our campus community. Also check out the UWSA Hub as it is the platform for all things related to student groups at the University of Windsor. Universal Bus Pass In 2016, the UWSA, OPUS and GSS negotiated a universal student bus pass (U-Pass) for UWSA, OPUS and GSS students. The U-Pass allows members to have unlimited rides on the regular Transit Windsor city service during the school year, ensuring affordable and accessible transportation throughout your academic journey. UWSA Office Services The UWSA Office has a variety of services to offer to students. Come drop in during the hours of operations to take advantage of some of these services. You are also able to come to for any other general UWSA questions or inquiries. Walksafe Walksafe is a free service provided for all students, faculty, employees and visitors at the University of Windsor. Walksafe is a student-run, student-staffed volunteer program provided by the UWSA to ensure that everyone feels safe on our campus. Womxn's Centre The Womxn’s Centre operates as a free campus service providing a safe space and welcoming environment for people of all backgrounds and expressions. Student Life Blue Gold Pack Equity Collectives Student Centre Events Get Involved The Lance UWSA Hub Governance Board of Directors Executives Important Documents Minutes Representation Elections Elections Info Results Resources Campus Map Campus Safety Community Legal Aid Housing Info Other Student Associations The Hum Cafe & Lounge About + Contact Menu Photos We The Union We The Union WinterFest 2020 WinterFest 2019 HOME / UWSA Services / Campus Pride Centre / Campus Pride Centre at Pride Fest 10 Aug Campus Pride Centre at Pride Fest Category: Campus Pride Centre The new Campus Pride Centre was at the Windsor Essex Pride Fest during the August 6-7 weekend! The Campus Pride Centre had the opportunity to walk in the parade on Sunday as well as having a booth on Saturday and Sunday. Shirts and banners were decorated and it was a great event! Check out the pictures from the event and be sure to keep up to date so you can participate in Campus Pride Centre’s next event! The Campus Pride Centre provides a positive environment for Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, Trans, Queer, Questioning, Two-Spirited, Intersex, Pansexual and Asexual individuals and their allies on the University of Windsor campus. Learn more about the Campus Pride Centre. Categories Afrofest Campus Pride Centre Elections General Election 2018 Health and Dental LSRC Peer Support Centre Shinerama Student Centre Student Groups Student Ombudsperson Ubike Share Uncategorised Universal Bus Pass Update with the Prez UWSA UWSA Services Walksafe Welcome Week Womyn's Centre RECENT BLOGS 1 MAY UWSA Sign-off 2018/19 READ MORE 24 APR Summer Bus Pass in Effect May 1st READ MORE Latest Tweets WINTERFEST ALERT! Tickets now on sale. Note: Tickets are tiered, and the price increases with each tier (more inf… twitter.com/i/web/status/11952… Yesterday at 12:00 am WINTERFEST ALERT️ - Tickets on sale THIS FRIDAY More info: www.uwsa.ca/winterfest pic.twitter.com/H6NORP01Ix November 13, 2019 1:25 pm Alright, alright! You waited long enough. WINTERFEST 1.25.2020 - ARTIST REVEAL. TOMORROW @ 1:25 PM pic.twitter.com/4jaHLJifUL November 12, 2019 6:35 pm Complete your Award Consideration Request by Nov 15 and your Award Profile(s) by Nov 30 (all in UWinsite Student) t… twitter.com/i/web/status/11943… November 12, 2019 12:07 pm Check your registration appointment time in UWinsite Student. Remember: this time is when you can start to register… twitter.com/i/web/status/11942… November 12, 2019 10:20 am ﻿ BE A PART OF THE STUDENT MOVEMENT AND GET INVOLVED WITH THE UWSA MAIN OFFICE Windsor, ON, N9B 3P4 Phone: (519) 971-3600 Fax: (519) 971-3654 uwsa@uwindsor.ca Room 209, 2nd Floor CAW Student Centre 401 Sunset Ave HOURS OF OPERATION Monday - Thursday: 9 am - 4 pm Friday: 9 am - 2 pm Saturday - Sunday: Closed CREEP US © 2019 University of Windsor Students’ Alliance. All rights reserved. Staff Resources Admin Privacy Contact Us
