https://www.uwindsor.ca/389913/multi-faith-space
The Multi-Faith Space | University of Windsor Skip to main content University of Windsor Search Enter the terms you wish to search for. Search Support UWindsor CLOSE QUICK LINKS Current Students Blackboard UWinsite Student Faculty + Staff UWinsite Finance Alumni + Donors Industry + Community Partners About Overview Office of the President Virtual Tour Visitor Information Campus Maps Parking Place of Promise VIEW Magazine Academics Programs Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs International Programs Co-operative Education Continuing Education Support Office of the Registrar Student Awards Office of the Provost Faculties Arts, Humanities, and Social Sciences Law Education Nursing Engineering Business Graduate Studies Human Kinetics Science Research Overview Vice-President, Research & Innovation Research & Innovation Services Research Appointments Research Ethics Research Safety Animal Care Research Finance Leddy Library UWill Discover! EPICentre Student Life Overview UWindsor Events SoCA Concerts & Events Lancers Varsity Sports University Players Athletics + Recreation Services Student Accessibility Services Residence Food Services Student Support Back to Top FUTURE STUDENTS ask.UWindsor MENU ask.UWindsor FUTURE STUDENTS University of Windsor The Multi-Faith Space The Multi-Faith Space About The Multi-Faith Space is located in the basement of the CAW Student Centre, beside the Pharmacy. The space is for the use of students, staff and faculty, by using your UWin card. Outside of regular hours, it can be made accessible through prior arrangement with the Information Desk. The front common area is open to everyone at all times regardless faith, religion, gender, etc. The Bookable Area on the other side of the main room divider may be booked for groups or used by individuals when it is not being reserved by a group. Hours Monday – Friday: 7:00 am – 1:45 am Saturday and Sunday: 9:00 am – 1:45 am Summer hours Monday – Friday: 7:00 am – 9:45 pm Saturday and Sunday: 9:00 am – 9:45 pm Rules and Guidelines It is required that you respect these rules and guidelines and the rights of all persons (including all faiths, gender and cultures) while using the space. The Multi-Faith Space is intended for students, staff, and faculty only. The maximum capacity of the Multi-Faith Space is 80 people. At no time is the combined occupancy of the Common Area and the Bookable Area to exceed the limit. The overflow of people into the hallway is not permitted. Footwear/backpacks must remain inside the facility; racks are provided for this purpose. The front Common Area is open to everyone at all times, regardless of booking of the Multi-Faith Space, faith/religion, gender, etc. The Bookable Area on the other side of the main room divider may be used by individuals or booked for groups. This space may be sub-divided using the 3rd room divider as needed. In that way, a small group may book a section of this area, leaving the remaining space available to individuals or another group. Individuals and/or groups are required to reserve the Bookable Area of the Multi-Faith Space through The Information Desk. If space is required at a specific time each day/week, a request to book for the semester should be submitted to the Oversight Committee. Reservations should not exceed one (1) hour in length, including set-up and clean-up time. Room/cabinet booking requests are accepted after September 15th each year. The Multi-Faith Space is to be used for prayer/meditation and religious observances and not as a lounge, study room, meeting room or for other purposes not involved with prayer/meditation. Please respect the requirement for a peaceful, quiet atmosphere. The use of fire, including lit candles or incense, is not permitted in the Multi-Faith Space. No food or beverages are allowed in the Multi-Faith Space. Exceptions due to religious ceremony may be permitted, as approved by the Oversight Committee. Please keep the Multi-Faith Space clean. All personal and group materials are to be removed from the space after use. Mats/carpets need be returned to the allotted location. Furniture/dividers must remain in the facility, and restored to the original position. A limited number of cabinets are available to recognized University clubs on a first come basis. These are provided for the purpose of storing items such as spiritual books, literature, religious artifacts, etc. Users are responsible for returning items to the cabinet after each use. The University is not responsible for any items/materials left in the Multi-Faith Space which are lost, stolen or damaged. The University reserves the right to amend, modify or change these rules/guidelines without notice. share tweet save Today's Events Georgie Odette Leadership Symposium Legal Employer Tour (London) 8:00am to 5:30pm PhD Seminar Announcement by Md Zamilur Rahman\:\'A Separator-based Method for Generating Weakly Chordal Graphs\' 10:00am to 12:00pm Final oral defense\: Mohammad Abdul Moin Oninda (M.A.Sc.) 10:00am Transition 11:00am to 12:00pm Computer Science Colloquium Series by Osama Hamzeh\:\'Knowledge-assisted Machine Learning Approach to Enhance Cancer Biomarker Identification\' 11:00am to 12:00pm Advanced Job Search 11:30am to 12:45pm Actuarial Careers Presentation 1:00pm Canadian Legal Research for Transfer Students 1:30pm to 3:30pm University of Windsor Women's Basketball vs Ontario Tech Ridgebacks 6:00pm to 8:00pm University of Windsor Men's Hockey vs Laurier Golden Hawks 7:30pm to 10:30pm University of Windsor Men's Basketball vs Ontario Tech Ridgebacks 8:00pm to 10:00pm Upcoming Events Education\: Fall Exams Sat, 11/16/2019 Free Student Seminars Sat, 11/16/2019 - 10:00 University of Windsor Women's Volleyball at Waterloo Warriors Sat, 11/16/2019 - 12:00 University of Windsor Men's Volleyball at Waterloo Warrirors Sat, 11/16/2019 - 14:00 University of Windsor Women's Basketball vs Queen's Gaels Sat, 11/16/2019 - 18:00 more share tweet save Contact Us University Directory Accessibility News Services for Media UWindsor mobile apps Terms & Conditions Policies Manage UWin Account Emergency Services for Students Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Facebook Follow us on LinkedIn Follow us on Flickr Follow us on Youtube Follow us on Instagram
