http://www.uwsa.ca/uwsa-services/student-groups/
Student Groups | UWSA - University of Windsor Students' Alliance Home Get Involved Contact Us Staff Directory Service Coordinators Toggle navigation About About UWSA In The News Financials UWSA Opportunities UWSA Services Afrofest Campus Food Pantry Campus Pride Centre Health and Dental Plan Peer Support Centre Scholarships Shinerama Student Groups Universal Bus Pass UWSA Office Services Walksafe Womxn's Centre Afrofest The African Diaspora Festival (Afrofest) is a week-long celebration of African Heritage Month which takes place in February. The week consists of various cultural and educational activities that document and celebrate the contributions made by peoples of African descent to the world. Campus Food Pantry The Food Pantry seeks to empower, aid, and build a culture that it is okay to receive assistance when needed. We are always looking for new people who want to get involved in the food movement, so join us, we will welcome you to the table to build a movement for good food for all. Campus Pride Centre The Campus Pride Centre provides a positive environment for Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, Trans, Queer, Questioning, Two-Spirited, Intersex, Pansexual and Asexual individuals and their allies on the University of Windsor campus. Health and Dental Plan The UWSA, on behalf of its members, negotiates a health and dental plan for those students who are not already covered. This service is provided for students in order to reduce the costs of a benefit plan for students that are not already covered. Peer Support Centre The Peer Support Centre is a drop-in centre where students from across campus can find a supportive peer to talk to. It’s a safe and inclusive space where trained peer support volunteers offer peer counselling to students. Scholarships Every year, the UWSA offers up to $10,000 in scholarships and bursaries. UWSA scholarships are given out based on academic performance, extracurricular activities or community involvement. All undergraduate students are encouraged to apply. Shinerama Shinerama is Canada’s largest post-secondary school fundraiser. Over 35,000 student volunteers from 60 Canadian universities and colleges across the country come together every year to make a difference in the lives of those battling cystic fibrosis (CF). Student Groups With more than 150 student clubs and societies on campus, each UWSA student group has a niche in our campus community. Also check out the UWSA Hub as it is the platform for all things related to student groups at the University of Windsor. Universal Bus Pass In 2016, the UWSA, OPUS and GSS negotiated a universal student bus pass (U-Pass) for UWSA, OPUS and GSS students. The U-Pass allows members to have unlimited rides on the regular Transit Windsor city service during the school year, ensuring affordable and accessible transportation throughout your academic journey. UWSA Office Services The UWSA Office has a variety of services to offer to students. Come drop in during the hours of operations to take advantage of some of these services. You are also able to come to for any other general UWSA questions or inquiries. Walksafe Walksafe is a free service provided for all students, faculty, employees and visitors at the University of Windsor. Walksafe is a student-run, student-staffed volunteer program provided by the UWSA to ensure that everyone feels safe on our campus. Womxn's Centre The Womxn’s Centre operates as a free campus service providing a safe space and welcoming environment for people of all backgrounds and expressions. Student Life Blue Gold Pack Equity Collectives Student Centre Events Get Involved The Lance UWSA Hub Governance Board of Directors Executives Important Documents Minutes Representation Elections Elections Info Results Resources Campus Map Campus Safety Community Legal Aid Housing Info Other Student Associations The Hum Cafe & Lounge About + Contact Menu Photos We The Union We The Union WinterFest 2020 WinterFest 2019 Student Groups HOME / UWSA Services / Student Groups Join a Group! With more than 150 student clubs and societies on campus, each UWSA student group has a niche in our campus community. The UWSA Hub is the platform for all things related to student groups at the University of Windsor. Check out the Student Groups Directory for a list of clubs and societies on campus. Start Your Own Student Group Can’t find a student group for yourself? Start your own club! Ensure the group doesn’t already exist by checking out the directory on the UWSA Hub. If the group you wish to create does not exist, follow the ratification procedure to become a ratified student group on campus. Questions? Email studentgroupswindsor.ca. Ratification Procedure Create a group using the UWSA Hub and also submit a signature page to the Student Groups Coordinator. The signature page can also be found on the UWSA Hub. Your group will be approved by the Student Groups Coordinator. Please note that membership must not drop below 10 members and must be comprised of at least eighty percent (80%) undergraduate University of Windsor students. You will have to provide the contact information of the President, Vice President, Treasurer and 10 general members. Questions? Email studentgroups@uwindsor.ca. Ratified Student Groups If your student group has already been ratified within the previous two semesters, you will not have to resubmit the ratification package. You will still need to hand in a new Signature Page. Find the Signature page on the UWSA Hub. Questions? Email studentgroups@uwindsor.ca. Student Group Funding Student Groups can request funding for an event or cause. Generally, the UWSA will consider events or causes which are related to and will benefit the student body. The UWSA is proud to provide funding to Student Groups in order to enhance the student life experience and foster a positive campus community. If you are interested in seeking funding from the UWSA, you must fill out a UWSA Funding Request Form and hand it in to the UWSA office. Forms can be found in the UWSA Hub in the “Forms” tab. Forms and Events You can find all the forms regarding Student Groups in the UWSA Hub under the “Forms” tab. If your student group is trying to create an event, please ensure you go to the UWSA Hub and “Create an Event” for approval. This replaces the former on-campus and off-campus event forms. Print Perks As a member of a UWSA club or society, you can get a 15% discount off printing at the University Print Shop! Student Groups Contact Info Taha Ismail 519-253-3000 Ext.4528 studentgroups@uwindsor.ca Windsor, ON, N9B 3P4 Room 219, 2nd Floor CAW Student Centre 401 Sunset Ave Office Hours Monday: 10AM – 12PM Tuesday: 10AM – 2PM Thursday: 10AM – 2PM *Or by appointment via email in the news Grace Period for Club Signature Pages now Concluded! Attention Clubs and SocietiesThe grace period for signature pages has... read more Extended Grace Period for Club Signature Pages Attention Clubs and Societies!Signing Officers of current clubs and societies... read more Campus Vibes: Get Swabbed Meet Ms. Janny Lau, a proud Windsorite and member of... read more in the news Get Social Student Groups Facebook ﻿ BE A PART OF THE STUDENT MOVEMENT AND GET INVOLVED WITH THE UWSA MAIN OFFICE Windsor, ON, N9B 3P4 Phone: (519) 971-3600 Fax: (519) 971-3654 uwsa@uwindsor.ca Room 209, 2nd Floor CAW Student Centre 401 Sunset Ave HOURS OF OPERATION Monday - Thursday: 9 am - 4 pm Friday: 9 am - 2 pm Saturday - Sunday: Closed CREEP US © 2019 University of Windsor Students’ Alliance. All rights reserved. Staff Resources Admin Privacy Contact Us
