https://uwindsor.teamdynamix.com/TDClient/KB/ArticleDet?ID=10394
Article - What to do if I forgot my U...
 Updating... Skip to main content Filter your search by categories All Knowledge Base Service Catalog Questions Search Sign In Show Applications Menu Client Portal Sign In Search Home | Help | Notifications Services Knowledge Base Questions More Applications Skip to Knowledge Base content Search Articles Knowledge Base Accounts & Passwords UWin Account What to do if I forgot my UWin Account password? What to do if I forgot my UWin Account password? Tags active-directory-ad ldap password secrets uwinid In the event that you have forgotten your UWin Account password, you can have it reset using one of these three options: Click here to reset your password by providing answers to three security questions. Note that if you do not remember correct answers to these questions, or if you have not configured your security questions, you will not be able to use this self-service option to reset your forgotten password. Click here to reset your password by providing your Student Number and Personal Identification Number (PIN). This self-service option is available to students and applicants only. Visit our Service Desk counter located at the 1st floor of the University Computer Centre and present your UwinCARD or other form of picture ID to have your password reset by one of our consultants. The Information Technology Service Desk counter is open 8:30 am to 4:30 pm Monday to Friday. Please note that for security reasons, your UWin Account will be automatically locked following five unsuccessful sign-in attempts in five minutes. You will need to wait ten minutes, before you can re-attempt the sign-in process. This measure was implemented to protect your UWin Account from malicious attacks and attempts by others to guess your password. To find out more about your UWin account, please click the button below. Systems Affected Please note that after resetting your UWin Account password you will need to update settings on some of your devices that have stored your password: WiFi settings on your laptop, tablet and/or smartphone account settings on your smartphone account settings in Outlook on your computer Your new UWin password will be in effect immediately on these systems: UWin Self-Service Client Portal (this site) / TeamDynamix Blackboard UWin WiFi UWin Gmail myUWindsor UWinsite Finance (replacement of FIS) UWinsite Student (replacement of SIS) SpamQ / PureMessage (spam filter) It may take up to 1/2 hour for it to be in effect on these systems: Office 365 Websites on Domino servers (web4/web6) The following systems do not use UWin Account and you have to follow a different procedure to have those passwords changed: Novell FIS (JD Edwards) - legacy financial system Lotus Notes SIS - legacy Student Information system VIP (Human Resources) Raiser's Edge (Alumni) Qualtrics Surveys Sign in to leave feedback 50% helpful - 4 reviews Details Article ID: 10394 Created Sat 12/19/15 11:41 AM Modified Fri 7/5/19 9:38 AM Related Articles (6) Digital Passwords Management Policy FAQ: UWin Account How do I activate my UWin Account? How do I change my UWin Account password? How do I change or reset my Active Directory password? How do I configure or update my UWin Account security questions? Deleting... × Share Recipient(s) - separate email addresses with a comma Message Check out this knowledge base article I found in the University of Windsor knowledge base.

https://uwindsor.teamdynamix.com/TDClient/1975/Portal/KB/ArticleDet?ID=10394

What to do if I forgot my UWin Account password?

What to do when you forgot your UWin Account password? Send Close
