http://uwindsor.ca/pensions
Welcome to the University of Windsor Pension Site | Human Resources - Pension Planning - University of Windsor Text Only Site Search Search About the University Academic Programs Research Admissions Student Life Giving International Gateways for: Future Students Current Students Faculty & Staff Alumni Log in to myUWindsor Pension Resources Employees' Plan Open Meeting, August 23, 2018 June 13, 2018 Revised Contribution Rates April 17, 2018 Contribution Increase Memo Notice to Members: Ontario funding relief program as it applies to the Employees' Retirement Plan 2011 Pension Plan Valuation Memo 2010 Contribution Increase Memo Plan Document Frequently Asked Questions Annual Reports Plan Valuations Financial Statements Other Resources Your Pension Plan Workshops Faculty Plan Notice to Members: The Ontario funding relief program as it applies to the Faculty Pension Plan Plan Amendment Notice Plan Document Frequently Asked Questions Annual Reports Plan Valuations Financial Statements Other Resources Your Pension Plan Workshops Faculty/Employee Plan Fund Returns Open Pension Meetings Statement of Investment Policies and Procedures for the Investment of the Pension Fund Committees Pension Committee of the Board Investment Committee of the Board Faculty Plan Employees' Plan OTPP Plan Information Sheets Contribution Rates Additional Forms Contact OTPP Here Forms Useful Links Contact Information Tweet Home / Human Resources - Pension Planning Welcome to the University of Windsor Pension Site Pension Plans at the University of Windsor The University of Windsor supports the retirement savings plans of its eligible faculty and employees, through contributions to one of four registered pension plans. The University sponsors and administers two pension plans: the Retirement Plan for Faculty and Certain Employees and the Employees’ Retirement Plan. In addition, the University, along with applicable members, contributes to the C.U.P.E. 1001 Pension Plan and the Ontario Teachers’ Pension Plan (OTPP). A pension plan is more than a valuable feature of your total compensation package – it also plays a critical part in your overall financial plan. So, whether you are two or twenty years away from retirement, get to know your pension plan. While you’re at it, give some thought to your financial future – it’s never too early or too late. The resources on this page will provide you with a good start. Retiring can be one of the biggest changes that we’ll face in our lives, so it’s normal to feel a little uncertainty around such an important event. With the right amount of planning, however, you’ll be able to spend less time worrying about your finances and more of your retirement years doing the things you enjoy. As part of an ongoing initiative to provide you with personalized information and support, the University has developed a convenient, online Pension Estimator for members of the University-sponsored plans that allows you to calculate a future pension benefit based on assumptions that you enter. It can be a valuable tool to use in your overall financial planning. The site also contains a wealth of other plan-specific information such as your most recent and historical pension statements, the official Plan documents, and an extensive glossary of Plan terms. The Pension Estimator will also reduce turnaround time and provide savings for standard transactions. After you use the Pension Estimator, don’t forget to complete our feedback survey and let us know what you think. Your responses are important as they will guide our future service improvements. The Department of Human Resources is here to answer your questions and support you in your retirement planning. You are welcome to contact us at any time. Your Pension Estimator Pension Estimator User Guide Feedback Survey Test Your Pension Knowledge Pension News & Upcoming Events Pension Statements at June 30, 2014 for members of the Faculty and the Employees' Retirement Plans are now available Save the date - Annual Open Pension Meeting Pension Estimator Workshops! Employee Workshops Faculty Workshops Contact Us University Directory Campus Map Faculty of Arts, Humanities & Social Sciences Faculty of Education & Academic Development Faculty of Engineering Faculty of Graduate Studies Faculty of Human Kinetics Faculty of Law Faculty of Nursing Odette School of Business Faculty of Science Centre for Executive and Professional Education Undergraduate: Academic Programs How to apply Graduate: Academic Programs Admissions Scholarships & Awards Residence Food Services Student Support Academic Calendar Virtual Tour Visitor Information Campus Maps Parking Athletics & Recreation Services Lancers Varsity Sports University Players Accessibility Services Events Calendar Office of the President Leddy Library Bookstore Alumni Events & Reunions Media Contact News & Publications Social Media Mobile App Employment Opportunities
