http://www.uwindsor.ca/registrar/2848/transfer-students?elqTrackId=5b945e18f8e044bab9ebd49b8cd18dfe&elqaid=428&elqat=2
Transfer Students | Office of the Registrar Skip to main content University of Windsor Search Enter the terms you wish to search for. Search Support UWindsor CLOSE QUICK LINKS Current Students Blackboard UWinsite Student Faculty + Staff UWinsite Finance Alumni + Donors Industry + Community Partners About Overview Office of the President Virtual Tour Visitor Information Campus Maps Parking Place of Promise VIEW Magazine Academics Programs Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs International Programs Co-operative Education Continuing Education Support Office of the Registrar Student Awards Office of the Provost Faculties Arts, Humanities, and Social Sciences Law Education Nursing Engineering Business Graduate Studies Human Kinetics Science Research Overview Vice-President, Research & Innovation Research & Innovation Services Research Appointments Research Ethics Research Safety Animal Care Research Finance Leddy Library UWill Discover! EPICentre Student Life Overview UWindsor Events SoCA Concerts & Events Lancers Varsity Sports University Players Athletics + Recreation Services Student Accessibility Services Residence Food Services Student Support Back to Top FUTURE STUDENTS ask.UWindsor MENU ask.UWindsor FUTURE STUDENTS Office of the Registrar Office of the Registrar In this section Home Academic Calendars Timetable Information UWinsite Student Transfer Students Fee Estimator Where do I pay? Testing Centre Change of Program/Major Apply for Re-admission Change of Name Degree Verification Examinations Forms and Applications for Students Forms for Faculty/Staff Notice of Disclosure Registration Information Request a Transcript Service Fees Grade Processing Contact Us Graduation and Convocation Home Academic Calendars Timetable Information UWinsite Student Transfer Students Fee Estimator Where do I pay? Testing Centre Change of Program/Major Apply for Re-admission Change of Name Degree Verification Examinations Forms and Applications for Students Forms for Faculty/Staff Notice of Disclosure Registration Information Request a Transcript Service Fees Grade Processing Contact Us Graduation and Convocation UWindsor Home Office of the Registrar Transfer Students Transfer Students Transfer credit, also known as "advanced standing", refers to the number of credit or course equivalents you may be awarded towards your degree at the University of Windsor based on previous postsecondary studies. Transfer Credit Process If you are transferring from another postsecondary institution (whether college or university), you should complete the appropriate OUAC 105 online application form. Once you have applied and we have received a copy of your transcript your transfer credit assessment will begin. The University of Windsor will transfer the maximum credit possible. Transfer credit awarded can be affected by your grade point average, residency rules and the relevance of previous coursework to the degree program to which you have applied. You may receive transfer credit based on courses previously evaluated at the U of Windsor. View existing equivalencies on our Course Equivalency Database. You will be asked to submit course outlines for courses that have not been previously evaluated for transfer credit. Once the new transfer credit results are complete, your UWinsite Student account will be updated. It is recommended course outlines be submitted by May 15 to ensure credit evaluation for the Fall semester and November 15 for the Winter semester. Guidelines for Submitting Course Outlines To be considered for transfer credit, a detailed course outline (issued by the previous institution) must be submitted for each course completed at another post-secondary institution and not previously assessed by the University of Windsor. Submit each course outline electronically to your appropriate Admissions Officer making sure to include the following course information: Course code, number and title, year and semester of course Learning outcomes/Course Objectives Course prerequisite(s), if any Weekly list of topics Duration of Study (e.g. 3 hrs/week for 12 weeks) Course Description Textbook(s) used including title, author(s), and edition(s) Methods of evaluation/Grading scheme Lab information (if applicable) Instructor's name and credentials Not accepted are: Hard copies of course outlines Altered copies of outlines Student translation of outlines Handwritten documents Transfer credit assessments from other institutions If outlines are written in a language other than English, a notarized translation must be provided. Need help? and select the topic 'Admissions - Transfer Students' for assistance. share tweet save Looking to Transfer from College? College to U of Windsor Agreements NEW Business Degree Completion Pathways Related Links Transfer Student Academic Advising Course Equivalency Database Transfer Credit Policy (.pdf) ONTransfer Transfer Student Scholarships Looking for an online course in Ontario? Important Registrar Links Letter of Permission Request Important Dates Timetables Change of Program or Major Forms & Applications Office of the Registrar, Admissions 401 Sunset Avenue, CHN Windsor, ON, N9B 3P4 ask.uwindsor.ca share tweet save Contact Us University Directory Accessibility News Services for Media UWindsor mobile apps Terms & Conditions Policies Manage UWin Account Emergency Services for Students Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Facebook Follow us on LinkedIn Follow us on Flickr Follow us on Youtube Follow us on Instagram
