http://www.uwindsor.ca/studentrecruitment/415/admissions-information-us-students?elqTrackId=bbf82994557643069e61c9c1944f3ba0&elqaid=428&elqat=2
Admissions Information for U.S. Students | Office of Student Recruitment Skip to main content University of Windsor Search Enter the terms you wish to search for. Search Support UWindsor CLOSE QUICK LINKS Current Students Blackboard UWinsite Student Faculty + Staff UWinsite Finance Alumni + Donors Industry + Community Partners About Overview Office of the President Virtual Tour Visitor Information Campus Maps Parking Place of Promise VIEW Magazine Academics Programs Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs International Programs Co-operative Education Continuing Education Support Office of the Registrar Student Awards Office of the Provost Faculties Arts, Humanities, and Social Sciences Law Education Nursing Engineering Business Graduate Studies Human Kinetics Science Research Overview Vice-President, Research & Innovation Research & Innovation Services Research Appointments Research Ethics Research Safety Animal Care Research Finance Leddy Library UWill Discover! EPICentre Student Life Overview UWindsor Events SoCA Concerts & Events Lancers Varsity Sports University Players Athletics + Recreation Services Student Accessibility Services Residence Food Services Student Support Back to Top FUTURE STUDENTS ask.UWindsor MENU ask.UWindsor FUTURE STUDENTS Office of Student Recruitment Office of Student Recruitment In this section Home About UWindsor Virtual Campus Tour Undergraduate Programs Request Program Information U.S. Students Transfer Students Course-Based Graduate Programs Certificate and Diploma Programs Take a Campus Tour UWindsor Student Stories Social Media Hub Guidance Counsellors Contact Us Home About UWindsor Virtual Campus Tour Undergraduate Programs Request Program Information U.S. Students Transfer Students Course-Based Graduate Programs Certificate and Diploma Programs Take a Campus Tour UWindsor Student Stories Social Media Hub Guidance Counsellors Contact Us UWindsor Home Office of Student Recruitment Admissions Information for U.S. Students Admissions Information for U.S. Students Graduates of accredited high schools will normally qualify for admission if the cumulative high school grade point average is 3.0 or above. In addition, applicants are encouraged to submit SAT or ACT scores to supplement their application. Where class rankings are reported on the transcript, a ranking in the top third is preferred. The University of Windsor has an official code to use when you submit your SAT scores (0904) and your ACT scores (7053). Applicants for part-time studies must apply using the UWindsor application form at uwindsor.ca/ptapp. UWindsor Application Form Tuition Find out more about the U.S. Neighbour rate on the Cashiers Office page. UWindsor Cashiers U.S. Student Federal Aid and Awards The University of Windsor participates in the William D. Ford Federal Direct Loan (Direct Loan) Program. U.S. citizens and permanent residents of the United States who are attending the University of Windsor may qualify for the federal loan program. For more information, please visit Student Awards. UWindsor Student Awards Application Students who wish to apply to the University of Windsor will need to complete an online application through the Ontario Universities’ Application Centre. American students will need to complete a 105F application form. Canadian students currently residing and attending high school in the U.S. will need to complete at 105D application form. Visit Ontario Universities’ Application Centre Studying while in Canada If you would like to receive more information about study permits while attending school in Canada, please visit the Canadian Immigration Centre website for more information. Canadian Immigration Centre Eligibility U.S. students are not eligible for the following programs at the University of Windsor: Nursing Visual Arts in the Built Environment (VABE) If you have questions or would like to arrange a campus tour, please contact us: 1-800-864-2860 Schedule a visit For more information Application and Admission Procedures Need help? and select the topic 'Admissions' for assistance. share tweet save News Residence Life: Residence is your first step to independence. Students share their stories: Listen to student experiences. View more Future Student News share tweet save Contact Us University Directory Accessibility News Services for Media UWindsor mobile apps Terms & Conditions Policies Manage UWin Account Emergency Services for Students Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Facebook Follow us on LinkedIn Follow us on Flickr Follow us on Youtube Follow us on Instagram
