https://www.uwindsor.ca/socialwork/
School of Social Work Skip to main content University of Windsor Search Enter the terms you wish to search for. Search Support UWindsor CLOSE QUICK LINKS Current Students Blackboard UWinsite Student Faculty + Staff UWinsite Finance Alumni + Donors Industry + Community Partners About Overview Office of the President Virtual Tour Visitor Information Campus Maps Parking Place of Promise VIEW Magazine Academics Programs Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs International Programs Co-operative Education Continuing Education Support Office of the Registrar Student Awards Office of the Provost Faculties Arts, Humanities, and Social Sciences Law Education Nursing Engineering Business Graduate Studies Human Kinetics Science Research Overview Vice-President, Research & Innovation Research & Innovation Services Research Appointments Research Ethics Research Safety Animal Care Research Finance Leddy Library UWill Discover! EPICentre Student Life Overview UWindsor Events SoCA Concerts & Events Lancers Varsity Sports University Players Athletics + Recreation Services Student Accessibility Services Residence Food Services Student Support Back to Top FUTURE STUDENTS ask.UWindsor MENU ask.UWindsor FUTURE STUDENTS School of Social Work In this section Message from the Director BSW Programs BSW Admissions BSW Field Education MSW Program MSW/JD Program MSW Field Education PhD Program Graduate Assistantships Faculty & Staff Research Message from the Director BSW Programs BSW Admissions BSW Field Education MSW Program MSW/JD Program MSW Field Education PhD Program Graduate Assistantships Faculty & Staff Research UWindsor Home School of Social Work School of Social Work School of Social Work Why Study at UWindsor Social Work is both the art and the science of providing services designed to assist people individually and in relationship to their environment. It is a growing and challenging profession committed to the improvement of the quality of life for individuals, families, communities and society. Mission Statement The mission of the School of Social Work is to promote social justice through quality professional education, advocacy, community partnerships, and the development and dissemination of knowledge through enquiry. Vision The School’s commitment of social justice and its mandate in social work education finds its roots in the profession’s historical commitment to serve the interests of oppressed and vulnerable populations and a set of fundamental values stated in the profession’s Code of Ethics. This mandate is realized in the preparation of students with knowledge, research and practice intervention skills to assume professional and leadership roles to eradicate systemic barriers which oppress persons and disenfranchised populations. Principles of justice find their meaning here in a fundamental belief in the dignity of all persons, the importance of access of citizens to participate, and striving for a more equitable distribution of our society’s resources in the interest of promoting quality of life for all citizens. To that end, the School aims to: Ensure graduates are equipped with the knowledge, skills, and dedication to make a critical contribution on a local, provincial, national, and global scale to enhance the well-being of all citizens. Advance research, practice and policy through student participation and engagement in the unique, diverse, and interdisciplinary and combined programs offered at the University and School of Social Work. Collaborate with our diverse partners to address social inequities at local, provincial, national and global levels while recognizing the school’s unique geographic location on an international border creates research and leadership opportunities within a broad North American context. Embrace a leadership role in social work education and research --where we educate the social work leaders of tomorrow to explore society’s increasingly complex global challenges. Accredited Programs The University of Windsor has a variety of BSW, MSW and PhD programs to choose from. All of our BSW and MSW programs are fully accredited by the Canadian Association for Social Work Education. Graduates are eligible for membership in the Ontario Association of Social Workers, the Canadian Association of Social Workers and are eligible to apply for certification to the Ontario College of Social Workers and Social Service Workers. Growing Profession and Marketable Degree Expect a boom in Social Work careers now through 2020. 4 plus 1 and You're Done Graduate with both a Bachelor of Social Work and a Masters of Social Work in only five years. Our Location Students can enjoy the wide variety of cultural events and festivals the region has to offer. Convocation Video See what our recent graduates are saying. Alumni Event UWindsor's School of Social Work connects with their Alum, students, and community supporters to celebrate their success, research, and community engagement. Posted by University of Windsor on Sunday, September 24, 2017 share tweet save News Poster presentations to share social work student placement experiences Curriculum aims to prevent suicide of First Nations youth Project to explore resilience of immigrant and refugee youth Event to introduce social work grads to new faculty and spaces More Useful Links Office Hours - Fall 2019 Student Support Services OCSWSSW - Proclamation of the Controlled Act of Psychotherapy School of Social Work E-Newsletter Professional Suitability Policy Social Media Policy 2018-2019 Undergraduate (BSW) Student Manual 2018-2019 BSW Field Education Policies and Standards Manual Upcoming Events There are no events at this time. Please check back. Employment Opportunities Permanance Track Field Learning Specialist, AASII share tweet save Contact Us University Directory Accessibility News Services for Media UWindsor mobile apps Terms & Conditions Policies Manage UWin Account Emergency Services for Students Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Facebook Follow us on LinkedIn Follow us on Flickr Follow us on Youtube Follow us on Instagram
