http://www.uwindsor.ca/ctl
Centre for Teaching and Learning (CTL) Skip to main content University of Windsor Search Enter the terms you wish to search for. Search Support UWindsor CLOSE QUICK LINKS Current Students Blackboard UWinsite Student Faculty + Staff UWinsite Finance Alumni + Donors Industry + Community Partners About Overview Office of the President Virtual Tour Visitor Information Campus Maps Parking Place of Promise VIEW Magazine Academics Programs Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs International Programs Co-operative Education Continuing Education Support Office of the Registrar Student Awards Office of the Provost Faculties Arts, Humanities, and Social Sciences Law Education Nursing Engineering Business Graduate Studies Human Kinetics Science Research Overview Vice-President, Research & Innovation Research & Innovation Services Research Appointments Research Ethics Research Safety Animal Care Research Finance Leddy Library UWill Discover! EPICentre Student Life Overview UWindsor Events SoCA Concerts & Events Lancers Varsity Sports University Players Athletics + Recreation Services Student Accessibility Services Residence Food Services Student Support Back to Top FUTURE STUDENTS ask.UWindsor MENU ask.UWindsor FUTURE STUDENTS Centre for Teaching and Learning (CTL) In this section Home About the CTL Services Events and Courses Teaching and Learning Resources Teaching and Learning Research Recognition and Awards Visiting Fellows University Teaching Learning Technologies Home About the CTL Services Events and Courses Teaching and Learning Resources Teaching and Learning Research Recognition and Awards Visiting Fellows University Teaching Learning Technologies UWindsor Home Centre for Teaching and Learning (CTL) Welcome to the CTL Welcome to the CTL Announcements Celebrating Teaching Excellence Please join us for the 14th annual Celebration of Teaching Excellence. The event will take place on November 20 from 4:00 to 6:00 p.m. in Alumni Auditorium with presentations beginning at 4:30. Read more about the event…. Nanadagikenim - Seek to Know Grant The CTL invites the campus community to submit proposals for the Nanadagikenim - Seek to Know Grant. Read more about the grant. We have moved! The CTL has moved to the Engineering Building in the space formerly occupied by the Windsor Essex Economic Development Corporation. Read more about the move. Events Teaching and Learning Series Bringing Indigenous Pedagogy into the Classroom Instructors: Rebecca Major and Valerie Waboose November 15, 2019, 1:00 - 2:30 p.m. The content of this facilitated conversation will discuss worldview and ways of understanding to illustrate teaching methods that are inclusive of Indigenous pedagogies. The Emotional Labour of Teaching & Learning Instructors: Erica Stevens-Abbitt and Christie Stewart December 6, 2019, 9:30 - 11:00 a.m. This participatory workshop will identify the often "invisible" issues which shape our lives in the professoriat – from time management, emotional resilience, stress, work-life balance, job security, to ever-changing student expectations. End of Semester Self-care Instructors: Erika Kustra, Erica Stevens-Abbitt, Christie Stewart, and Lorie Stolarchuk December 6, 2019, 11:15 a.m. - 12:15 p.m. This workshop will provide a short, educational "end-of-semester relaxation" session with techniques and resources to help you cope with seasonal stress, in the office or grading at home! Women in STEM Addressing Stereotypes: Recruiting and Retaining Women in STEM Visiting Speaker: Steven Spencer Monday, December 2, 2019, 10:30 - 11:30 a.m. In this plenary talk, Dr. Spencer will discuss what has been learned in social psychology about creating the right type of environment where the pressure of stereotypes do not exist, and women can succeed in that environment in ways that actually speak to their actual true potential, which can help women thrive in STEM. Indigenous Curriculum & Pedagogy Fall Series 2019 What are Indigenous pedagogies? Instructors: Jaimie Kechego November 27, 2019, 10:00 a.m. - 12:00 p.m. This workshop provides a discussion of Indigenous epistemologies and pedagogies and how these can be interwoven in curriculum design and development. Blackboard Learn Training The Centre for Teaching and Learning provides individual consultations, group workshops, and online self-paced courses about the use of the University’s learning management system, Blackboard Learn. Faculty, sessional instructors, staff, and GAs are welcome to register. Online Courses | F-2-F Workshops share tweet save Popular Links Classroom Database Blackboard Learn Visiting Fellows GA/TA and Grad Students University Teaching Certificate Office of Open Learning share tweet save Contact Us University Directory Accessibility News Services for Media UWindsor mobile apps Terms & Conditions Policies Manage UWin Account Emergency Services for Students Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Facebook Follow us on LinkedIn Follow us on Flickr Follow us on Youtube Follow us on Instagram
