http://www.uwindsor.ca/provost/299/about-provost
About the Provost | Office of the Provost and Vice-President, Academic Skip to main content University of Windsor Search Enter the terms you wish to search for. Search Support UWindsor CLOSE QUICK LINKS Current Students Blackboard UWinsite Student Faculty + Staff UWinsite Finance Alumni + Donors Industry + Community Partners About Overview Office of the President Virtual Tour Visitor Information Campus Maps Parking Place of Promise VIEW Magazine Academics Programs Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs International Programs Co-operative Education Continuing Education Support Office of the Registrar Student Awards Office of the Provost Faculties Arts, Humanities, and Social Sciences Law Education Nursing Engineering Business Graduate Studies Human Kinetics Science Research Overview Vice-President, Research & Innovation Research & Innovation Services Research Appointments Research Ethics Research Safety Animal Care Research Finance Leddy Library UWill Discover! EPICentre Student Life Overview UWindsor Events SoCA Concerts & Events Lancers Varsity Sports University Players Athletics + Recreation Services Student Accessibility Services Residence Food Services Student Support Back to Top FUTURE STUDENTS ask.UWindsor MENU ask.UWindsor FUTURE STUDENTS Office of the Provost and Vice-President, Academic Office of the Provost and Vice-President, Academic In this section Home About the Provost Academic Operations Chart Provost's Messages Initiatives New Faculty/Recruitment Faculty Administrative Processes Policies and Procedures Search and Review Committees Contact Us Home About the Provost Academic Operations Chart Provost's Messages Initiatives New Faculty/Recruitment Faculty Administrative Processes Policies and Procedures Search and Review Committees Contact Us UWindsor Home Office of the Provost and Vice-President, Academic About the Provost About the Provost Office of the Provost Organizational Chart (PDF) Dr Douglas Kneale, BA, MA, PhD, has served as Provost and Vice-President, Academic at the University of Windsor since 2015. He was appointed interim President and Vice-Chancellor of the University of Windsor from July 2018 to September 2019. From 2010 to 2015 he was Dean of the Faculty of Humanities at Brock University and before that he served as Professor and Chair of the Department of English at Western University. After completing his BA and MA at Western and his PhD at the University of Toronto, he held a SSHRC postdoctoral fellowship at Yale University and a Folger Shakespeare Library fellowship in Washington, DC before joining Western’s Department of English, where he taught for twenty-five years, serving as national president of the Canadian Association of Chairs of English, and receiving the Edward G. Pleva Award, Western’s highest recognition for excellence in teaching. He has also taught at Yale, the University of Toronto, Bishop’s University, University College Northampton, and Queen’s University’s International Study Centre at Herstmonceux, and attended the School of Criticism and Theory at Dartmouth College. He has held SSHRC Standard Research and Occasional Scholarly Conference grants, and has served widely as an external appraiser for academic review, promotion and tenure, and manuscript assessments. As Dean of the Faculty of Humanities at Brock University, he oversaw the building of a 95,000 square-foot downtown facility in collaboration with the City of St Catharines to support Brock’s programs in the fine and performing arts. He served on the Board of Directors for the Niagara Interactive Media Generator and for the cross-border 1812 Legacy Council. He was a member of the Rodman Hall Art Centre Advisory Board and the St Catharines Downtown Development and Revitalization Committee, and served on back-to-back negotiations for Brock University on collective agreements with the Faculty Association. He also oversaw the implementation of Brock’s first binational MA in Canadian-American Studies with the University at Buffalo. As Provost and Vice-President, Academic at the University of Windsor since 2015, he has been responsible for providing leadership on several fronts: major hiring initiatives; Strategic Mandate Agreement negotiations with the province; Provost’s Task Force on Experiential Learning; Strategic Enrolment Management plan; Student Mental Health strategy; Sexual Misconduct Response & Prevention policy; Indigenization of the faculty and the curriculum; employment equity initiatives; and the new Oracle/PeopleSoft platform for the campus. During his fourteen months as interim President he oversaw enrolment growth to near-record numbers; the implementation of the University’s first policy on Free Speech on Campus; the installation of the University’s first female Chancellor; and the launch of the new recruitment and awareness campaign called Windsor Proud. Dr Kneale’s research interests span English Romanticism, literary history, critical theory, psychoanalysis, and rhetoric. His books include Monumental Writing: Aspects of Rhetoric in Wordsworth’s Poetry (1988); Romantic Aversions: Aftermaths of Classicism in Wordsworth and Coleridge (1999); and (ed.) The Mind in Creation: Essays on English Romantic Literature in Honour of Ross G. Woodman (1992). His essays and reviews have appeared in PMLA, ELH, Studies in Romanticism, Modern Philology, ELN, Ariel, English Studies in Canada, The Johns Hopkins Guide to Literary Theory and Criticism, Psychoanalytic Books, University of Toronto Quarterly, European Romantic Review, Journal of Contemporary Thought, Criticism, Review of English Studies, and elsewhere. Recent publications include essays on “Wordsworth, Milton, and a Question of Genre,” in Modern Philology; “‘Between Poetry and Oratory’: Coleridge’s Romantic Effusions,” reprinted by Harold Bloom in Modern Critical Views: Samuel Taylor Coleridge; genre and catachresis in Joseph Boyden’s Three Day Road, in Reconsidering Social Identification: Race, Gender, Class and Caste, ed. A. JanMohamed; ekphrasis in the work of W.G. Sebald, in Rewriting Texts, Remaking Images: Interdisciplinary Perspectives, edited by L. Boldt et al.; and a CBC online vignette of Alice Munro on the occasion of her winning the Nobel Prize in Literature. He is in the process of collecting his thoughts for another book, tentatively entitled Common Humanities, that draws on his administrative experiences in relation to culture and the university today. share tweet save share tweet save Contact Us University Directory Accessibility News Services for Media UWindsor mobile apps Terms & Conditions Policies Manage UWin Account Emergency Services for Students Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Facebook Follow us on LinkedIn Follow us on Flickr Follow us on Youtube Follow us on Instagram
