http://www.ohrc.on.ca/en
Ontario Human Rights Commission | Skip to main content Skip to global navigation Skip to footer Ontario Human Rights Commission Language selector English Français Search Search OHRC Social Links Main Navigation Your Rights The Ontario Human Rights Code The Human Rights System The Ontario Human Rights Commission The Human Rights Legal Support Centre The Human Rights Tribunal of Ontario Frequently asked questions Code Grounds Age Creed Disability Family and marital status Gender identity and gender expression Race and related grounds Receipt of public assistance Record of offences Sex Sexual orientation Social Areas Contracts Employment Goods, services and facilities Housing Membership in vocational associations and trade unions Education & Outreach Events eLearning Webinars Teaching human rights in Ontario Public education requests Our Work Backgrounders and research Brochures, fact sheets and guides Legal Letters Papers and reports Policies and guidelines Submissions Featured Stories OHRC launches Right to Read public inquiry Public interest inquiry into racial profiling and discrimination by the Toronto Police Service Vision and Mission Strategic focus areas Strategic focus areas Strategic focus areas Previous Pause Next 1 of 6 Latest News Letter to Secretary of Cabinet Davidson on anti-Black racism in the Ontario Public Service October 18, 2019 Thank you for your letter dated July 26, 2019, and for meeting with the Ontario Human Rights Commission (OHRC) on September 17 to discuss the government’s efforts to address systemic anti-Black racism in the OPS. In addition to our meetings with your office, the OHRC has met with the Black OPS employee network (BOPSers), as well as with individual employees with personal experiences of anti-Black racism in the OPS. Letter to Associate Minister Dunlop on the Child Welfare System Consultation October 9, 2019 I am writing on behalf of the Ontario Human Rights Commission (OHRC) with regard to the government’s public consultation into Ontario’s child welfare system. OHRC launches Right to Read public inquiry October 3, 2019 Today, the Ontario Human Rights Commission (OHRC) launched Right to Read, a public inquiry into human rights issues that affect students with reading disabilities in Ontario’s public education system. more news Human rights in Ontario Ontario's Human Rights Code is a provincial law that gives everybody equal rights and opportunities without discrimination in specific social areas such as jobs, housing, services, facilities, and contracts or agreements. The Code's goal is to prevent discrimination and harassment because of race, sex, disability, and age, to name a few of the 17 grounds. All other Ontario laws must agree with the Code. Not all unfair treatment and harassment is covered by the Code. The treatment or harassment must be based on at least one Code ground and take place within a social area to be protected. The Ontario Human Rights System is made up of three separate agencies: The Ontario Human Rights Commission (that’s us) works to promote, protect and advance human rights through research, education, targeted legal action and policy development. The Human Rights Legal Support Centre gives legal help to people who have experienced discrimination under the Code. The Human Rights Tribunal is where human rights applications are filed and decided. To learn more, complete our Human Rights 101 eLearning. OHRC Footer Icons OHRC Footer Menu About the Commission Business Plans Annual Reports News Centre Contact us Expense Disclosure Accessibility Feedback Privacy Statement © Queen's Printer for Ontario Open Data
