http://www.uwindsor.ca/law/legalaid/
Community Legal Aid Skip to main content University of Windsor Search Enter the terms you wish to search for. Search Support UWindsor CLOSE QUICK LINKS Current Students Blackboard UWinsite Student Faculty + Staff UWinsite Finance Alumni + Donors Industry + Community Partners About Overview Office of the President Virtual Tour Visitor Information Campus Maps Parking Place of Promise VIEW Magazine Academics Programs Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs International Programs Co-operative Education Continuing Education Support Office of the Registrar Student Awards Office of the Provost Faculties Arts, Humanities, and Social Sciences Law Education Nursing Engineering Business Graduate Studies Human Kinetics Science Research Overview Vice-President, Research & Innovation Research & Innovation Services Research Appointments Research Ethics Research Safety Animal Care Research Finance Leddy Library UWill Discover! EPICentre Student Life Overview UWindsor Events SoCA Concerts & Events Lancers Varsity Sports University Players Athletics + Recreation Services Student Accessibility Services Residence Food Services Student Support Back to Top FUTURE STUDENTS ask.UWindsor MENU ask.UWindsor FUTURE STUDENTS UWindsor Home Community Legal Aid Welcome to Community Legal Aid Welcome to Community Legal Aid Legal Assistance of Windsor (LAW) and Community Legal Aid (CLA) have moved to our new co-located space at 443 Ouellette Avenue, 2nd Floor, N9A 4J2. The phone numbers for both clinics remain unchanged. CLA is operating a satellite office for students on campus at the University of Windsor in the Laurier Hall building (second floor), rooms 214 & 215. Starting September 10, 2019, the satellite office will operate weekly on Tuesdays from 10:00 to 12:00 pm. To book an appointment call 519.253.7150. Affidavits and notarial copies are by appointment only at the clinic located at 443 Ouellette Avenue, 2nd Floor. Please call 519.253.7150 for an appointment. Please visit our website at http://communitylegalaidwindsor.com/ Community Legal Aid works with our client communities, in all their diversity, to: Build and mobilize an ever-increasing community movement for social change, Create social and economic conditions to eradicate poverty and oppression. Restore and revitalize the quality of life and enhance the self-reliance of citizens of the City of Windsor and County of Essex. Educate students to build skills, values and knowledge to ethically and competently represent and work with individuals and communities. Community Legal Aid (CLA) offers legal services to low income and vulnerable people to avoid, prepare for and overcome poverty law problems, achieved through a combination of community development and action. CLA provides competent and professional legal services including summary legal advice, full legal representation, and community legal education. Interested in applying for a volunteer position at Community Legal Aid? Visit the CLA website. Our Funders: Legal Aid Ontario The Law Foundation of Ontario The University of Windsor Windsor Law We are grateful for the support of: share tweet save share tweet save Contact Us University Directory Accessibility News Services for Media UWindsor mobile apps Terms & Conditions Policies Manage UWin Account Emergency Services for Students Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Facebook Follow us on LinkedIn Follow us on Flickr Follow us on Youtube Follow us on Instagram
