http://www.uwindsor.ca/49/our-brand
Our Brand | University of Windsor Skip to main content University of Windsor Search Enter the terms you wish to search for. Search Support UWindsor CLOSE QUICK LINKS Current Students Blackboard UWinsite Student Faculty + Staff UWinsite Finance Alumni + Donors Industry + Community Partners About Overview Office of the President Virtual Tour Visitor Information Campus Maps Parking Place of Promise VIEW Magazine Academics Programs Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs International Programs Co-operative Education Continuing Education Support Office of the Registrar Student Awards Office of the Provost Faculties Arts, Humanities, and Social Sciences Law Education Nursing Engineering Business Graduate Studies Human Kinetics Science Research Overview Vice-President, Research & Innovation Research & Innovation Services Research Appointments Research Ethics Research Safety Animal Care Research Finance Leddy Library UWill Discover! EPICentre Student Life Overview UWindsor Events SoCA Concerts & Events Lancers Varsity Sports University Players Athletics + Recreation Services Student Accessibility Services Residence Food Services Student Support Back to Top FUTURE STUDENTS ask.UWindsor MENU ask.UWindsor FUTURE STUDENTS University of Windsor About the University About the University Why UWindsor? Our Vision and Mission Fast Facts Our History Our Brand Our Location Campus Map Take a Virtual Tour Getting Here Affiliated Colleges About the University Why UWindsor? Our Vision and Mission Fast Facts Our History Our Brand Our Location Campus Map Take a Virtual Tour Getting Here Affiliated Colleges University of Windsor About the University Our Brand Our Brand The UWindsor is a progressive institution that offers a purposeful and enriching experience. We take responsibility for delivering change in the community and the world that surrounds it. We are proud of our accomplishments and of providing the environment and support to develop our current students and future alumni to their full potential. This website is designed to provide the resources necessary for the UWindsor community to learn more about, as well as to support and strengthen our proud identity. The story does not end here— it is a continuing narrative about what makes this institution special, and it builds on the sense of pride that process engenders. The recognition and perception of a brand is highly influenced by its visual presentation. A brand’s visual identity is the overall look of its communications. Effective visual brand identity is achieved by the consistent use of particular visual elements to create distinction, such as specific fonts, colors, and graphic elements. The best brand identity systems are executed with consistency and adherence to graphic standards like those described on this website. Please take the time to read and properly implement our graphic standards. This discipline is fundamental to the success of our identity program. We encourage you to strive for quality and consistency to ensure the University of Windsor brand is experienced with clarity and integrity. share tweet save Today's Events Georgie Odette Leadership Symposium Legal Employer Tour (London) 8:00am to 5:30pm PhD Seminar Announcement by Md Zamilur Rahman\:\'A Separator-based Method for Generating Weakly Chordal Graphs\' 10:00am to 12:00pm Final oral defense\: Mohammad Abdul Moin Oninda (M.A.Sc.) 10:00am Transition 11:00am to 12:00pm Computer Science Colloquium Series by Osama Hamzeh\:\'Knowledge-assisted Machine Learning Approach to Enhance Cancer Biomarker Identification\' 11:00am to 12:00pm Advanced Job Search 11:30am to 12:45pm Actuarial Careers Presentation 1:00pm Canadian Legal Research for Transfer Students 1:30pm to 3:30pm University of Windsor Women's Basketball vs Ontario Tech Ridgebacks 6:00pm to 8:00pm University of Windsor Men's Hockey vs Laurier Golden Hawks 7:30pm to 10:30pm University of Windsor Men's Basketball vs Ontario Tech Ridgebacks 8:00pm to 10:00pm Upcoming Events Education\: Fall Exams Sat, 11/16/2019 Free Student Seminars Sat, 11/16/2019 - 10:00 University of Windsor Women's Volleyball at Waterloo Warriors Sat, 11/16/2019 - 12:00 University of Windsor Men's Volleyball at Waterloo Warrirors Sat, 11/16/2019 - 14:00 University of Windsor Women's Basketball vs Queen's Gaels Sat, 11/16/2019 - 18:00 more share tweet save Contact Us University Directory Accessibility News Services for Media UWindsor mobile apps Terms & Conditions Policies Manage UWin Account Emergency Services for Students Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Facebook Follow us on LinkedIn Follow us on Flickr Follow us on Youtube Follow us on Instagram
