http://www.uwindsor.ca/dailynews/2019-11-12/educational-leadership-earns-award-professor
Educational leadership earns award for professor | DailyNews Skip to main content University of Windsor Search Enter the terms you wish to search for. Search Support UWindsor CLOSE QUICK LINKS Current Students Blackboard UWinsite Student Faculty + Staff UWinsite Finance Alumni + Donors Industry + Community Partners About Overview Office of the President Virtual Tour Visitor Information Campus Maps Parking Place of Promise VIEW Magazine Academics Programs Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs International Programs Co-operative Education Continuing Education Support Office of the Registrar Student Awards Office of the Provost Faculties Arts, Humanities, and Social Sciences Law Education Nursing Engineering Business Graduate Studies Human Kinetics Science Research Overview Vice-President, Research & Innovation Research & Innovation Services Research Appointments Research Ethics Research Safety Animal Care Research Finance Leddy Library UWill Discover! EPICentre Student Life Overview UWindsor Events SoCA Concerts & Events Lancers Varsity Sports University Players Athletics + Recreation Services Student Accessibility Services Residence Food Services Student Support Back to Top FUTURE STUDENTS ask.UWindsor MENU ask.UWindsor FUTURE STUDENTS DailyNews DailyNews In this section Top Stories Current Issue All Stories DailyNews Archive Search DailyNews by date Search DailyNews by topic Contact DailyNews Subscription Top Stories Current Issue All Stories DailyNews Archive Search DailyNews by date Search DailyNews by topic Contact DailyNews Subscription Anne Forrest will receive an Educational Leadership Award at the 14th annual Celebration of Teaching Excellence, Nov. 20 in Alumni Auditorium. Educational leadership earns award for professor Nov 13th, 2019 The Centre for Teaching and Learning has awarded this year’s Educational Leadership Award to Anne Forrest, assistant dean for academic and student success in the Faculty of Arts, Humanities, and Social Sciences. The award honours the contributions of individuals who have led significant and sustained initiatives to improve teaching, curriculum, teaching spaces and resources, and policies and procedures that promote effective teaching. A nominator wrote of Dr. Forrest: “It is not hyperbole when I say that I know no one on our campus more deserving of this award.” This sentiment was echoed more than once. Another nominator wrote, “To say that Dr. Forrest is a passionate, inspiring and innovative educator is an understatement and cannot truly capture the breadth and depth of her contributions to the promotion of high-quality learning experiences for all students.” Some examples of Forrest’s educational leadership over the years include: The development of the Bachelor of Arts in Women’s and Gender Studies and the Combined Bachelor of Social Work in Social Work and Women’s and Gender Studies programs. Re-design of the Liberal and Professional Studies program. Re-development of the Labour Studies program into the Work and Employment Issues certificate. Co-development of the Bystander Initiative to mitigate sexual assault. Institutionalizing the Walls to Bridges program. Development of an emergency fund for students of Women’s and Gender Studies. Letters of support also focused on her positive impact on students. One graduate wrote, “Beyond the classroom, she helped me hone my inner strength and acknowledge my full potential in both my personal and professional life.” Forrest, along with other University of Windsor professors, will be honoured at the 14th annual Celebration of Teaching Excellence, Nov. 20 in Alumni Auditorium. Anne Forrest Centre for Teaching and Learning Strategic Priority: Recruit and retain the best faculty and staff Academic Area: Arts, Humanities and Social Sciences Women’s and Gender Studies share tweet save In Memoriam Campus mourns death of retired psychology professor Meyer Starr Internal Job Postings Nov 15, 2019 - Receptionist - Student Health, Counselling and Wellness '8' in the Department of Student Health, Counselling & Wellness Nov 13, 2019 - Serials & Bindery Control Clerk '6' in the Law Library (Temporary until approximately June 5, 2020) Nov 12, 2019 - Secretary to the Head '7' in the Department of Electrical & Computer Engineering Internal/External Job Postings Nov 14, 2019 - Temporary Part Time ESL Instructor in the Centre for English Language Development (up to 24 hrs/week for the approximate period Jan 9 to April 10, 2020) Nov 12, 2019 - Application Server Administrator (Peoplesoft) Tentative Classification "VI" in the Department of IT Services Nov 7, 2019 - Accessibility Manager in the Office of Human Rights, Equity and Accessibility Nov 7, 2019 - Team Leader - Chemical Control Centre Classification "VII" in the Chemical Control Centre / Health & Safety Department IT Services Resolved: Spam Email Nov 13, 2019 Resolved: Network Maintenance Sep 12 6:00-7:30am Sep 11, 2019 Intermittent Printing Issues Aug 1, 2019 Blackboard unavailable Thu Aug 01 5-7am Jul 31, 2019 Network Maintenance - July 25th - Update Jul 25, 2019 Project Notifications Biology Building-326A & 326B Upgrades/Installation of Dual Duct Mixing Boxes, November 19-21, 2019, 8:30am-4:30pm CAW Student Centre/Vanier Hall-Semi Annual Kitchen Fire Support System Inspections, December 16-18, 2019, 8:00am-4:00pm Chrysler Hall Tower/University Computer Centre/Essex Hall -Chemical Control Centre/Energy Conversion Centre-Semi Annual Fire Suppression Inspections, December 16-18, 2019, 8:00am-4:00pm Lambton Tower-G115 Water Leaks Investigation, November 11-15, 2019, 8:30am-4:30pm St. Denis Fieldhouse/Human Kinetics/Forge Fitness/Stadium-Lancer Sport and Recreation Centre (LSRC) Project (Parking/Access), November 11, 2019-March 31, 2020, 7:00am-5:00pm More share tweet save Contact Us University Directory Accessibility News Services for Media UWindsor mobile apps Terms & Conditions Policies Manage UWin Account Emergency Services for Students Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Facebook Follow us on LinkedIn Follow us on Flickr Follow us on Youtube Follow us on Instagram
