https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/myuwindsor/id518930819?ls=1&mt=8
‎myUWindsor on the App Store Global Nav Open Menu Global Nav Close Menu Apple Shopping Bag Search apple.com Cancel Apple Mac iPad iPhone Watch TV Music Support Shopping Bag Cancel App Store Preview This app is only available on the App Store for iOS devices. myUWindsor 4+ University of Windsor 1.0, 1 Rating Free Screenshots iPhone iPad Description Description: Put the University of Windsor experience in the palm of your hand with the new myUWindsor application. Designed to connect students with the latest news, course schedules and social events, the app offers convenience and accessibility with just one touch. Alumni and visitors can also access the app to use the campus map, directory and more. The myUWindsor app allows the entire campus community to stay in touch. Features Include: Courses – Review your courses, schedule, grades and exams Messages – Receive all your UWindsor messages and CLEW notifications in one spot Registration - Register for courses in your planner from your phone or tablet device! Map – Campus map with searchable options Daily News – Stay current on daily campus news Events – List of campus events including academic, athletic and cultural Finances – Provides account details and allows you to add funds to your UwinCARD Go Lancers – Are you a Lancer fan? Stay up to date of top stories and events Directory – Search faculty, staff and departments Social – Access UWindsor Facebook, Twitter and YouTube pages in one click Emergency – Read important information where you need it most, on your phone CJAM – Listen to CJAM live Campus Life – Gateway to important student related services This app will continue to evolve and we welcome your feedback to enhance your myUWindsor experience. What’s New Version History Feb 16, 2017 Version 4.0 bug fixes new icons Ratings and Reviews 1.0 out of 5 1 Rating 1 Rating ahmadhusseini , 02/19/2015 Not Bad A lot of strange bugs, but still usable. Would be nice if it was optimized for iPhone 6 Plus. Information Seller University of Windsor Size 51.6 MB Category Education Compatibility Requires iOS 9.0 or later. Compatible with iPhone, iPad, and iPod touch. Languages English, French, German, Italian, Japanese, Portuguese, Simplified Chinese, Spanish, Traditional Chinese Age Rating 4+ Copyright © 2012 - 2015 University of Windsor Price Free App Support App Support Supports Family Sharing With Family Sharing set up, up to six family members can use this app. More By This Developer See All SAFE LANCER Education UWin FAHSS Education UWindsor Events Education You May Also Like See All Ontario G1 & M1 Practice Test Education OCT Membership App Education WesternU Mobile Education ontariocolleges.ca Education Ontario M1 Test - Practice Test, Mock Exams with Detailed Explanatios Education Ontario G1 Practice Test Education More ways to shop: Visit an Apple Store, call 1-800-MY-APPLE, or find a reseller. Choose your country or region Copyright © 2019 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Terms of Use Sales and Refunds Legal Site Map
