https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/safe-lancer/id1202363678?mt=8
‎SAFE LANCER on the App Store Global Nav Open Menu Global Nav Close Menu Apple Shopping Bag Search apple.com Cancel Apple Mac iPad iPhone Watch TV Music Support Shopping Bag Cancel App Store Preview This app is only available on the App Store for iOS devices. SAFE LANCER 4+ University of Windsor Free Screenshots iPhone iPad Description SAFE LANCER is an essential tool to enhance your safety at University of Windsor. The app will send you important safety alerts and provide instant access to campus safety resources. SAFE LANCER is the official mobile safety app of the University of Windsor. SAFE LANCER benefits include: - Safety notifications: Receive instant notifications and instructions from campus safety when on-campus emergencies occur. - Emergency help: contact campus safety staff quickly for help in an emergency. - Campus safety resources: access all important University of Windsor safety resources in one convenient app. Thousands of students, faculty, and staff at the University of Windsor are already using SAFE LANCER. Download today and ensure that you're prepared in the event of an emergency. What’s New Version History Dec 12, 2018 Version 1.1 Performance improvements. Information Seller University of Windsor Size 11.2 MB Category Education Compatibility Requires iOS 8.0 or later. Compatible with iPhone, iPad, and iPod touch. Languages English Age Rating 4+ Location This app may use your location even when it isn't open, which can decrease battery life. Copyright © 2018 University of Windsor Price Free App Support Privacy Policy App Support Privacy Policy Supports Family Sharing With Family Sharing set up, up to six family members can use this app. More By This Developer See All myUWindsor Education UWin FAHSS Education UWindsor Events Education You May Also Like See All BreakBuddy Education BSAFE Education BCS Safe Education SecurUO Education DFO MarAlert Education OC Safe Education More ways to shop: Visit an Apple Store, call 1-800-MY-APPLE, or find a reseller. Choose your country or region Copyright © 2019 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Terms of Use Sales and Refunds Legal Site Map
