https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/my-ssp/id1112006222?mt=8
‎My SSP on the App Store Global Nav Open Menu Global Nav Close Menu Apple Shopping Bag Search apple.com Cancel Apple Mac iPad iPhone Watch TV Music Support Shopping Bag Cancel App Store Preview This app is only available on the App Store for iOS devices. My SSP 4+ 24/7 Student Support Program Morneau Shepell Inc 4.4, 9 Ratings Free iPhone Screenshots Description Created by clinical and cultural experts, the My SSP app helps international and domestic students succeed by providing access to Morneau Shepell’s Student Support Program (SSP). Students can access the program anytime, anywhere, 24/7, to connect with a Student Support Advisor who speaks their language, understands their culture, and can work with them to succeed while studying abroad or at home. My SSP: • Is free to download and available worldwide in six languages (English, French, Korean, Chinese, Arabic and Spanish). • Features immediate, confidential and culturally relevant support in various languages for any of life’s challenges. • Lets students call or chat with a Student Support Advisor 24/7. • Has interesting articles and videos on a range of health topics, produced specifically for busy students. What’s New Version History 2019年11月7日 Version 2.0.19 Bug fixes and performance improvements Ratings and Reviews 4.4 out of 5 9 Ratings 9 Ratings MUReber , 08/23/2019 Very easy and content is helpful Initial profile set up is very clear, and once in I am able to navigate content very easily. I appreciate the various articles on so many wellbeing topics dealt with by students. It’s so easy to initiate a call and chat too! No searching- it’s right there on every screen. Developer Response , Thanks for taking the time to review our app. We’re happy to find you’re enjoying the app and our articles! ryon01 , 10/13/2018 MY SSP I find this app incredibly easy to navigate and above all helpful. Information Seller Morneau Shepell Size 37.9 MB Category Health & Fitness Compatibility Requires iOS 11.0 or later. Compatible with iPhone, iPad, and iPod touch. Languages English Age Rating 4+ Copyright © Morneau Shepell Inc. Price Free App Support Privacy Policy App Support Privacy Policy Supports Family Sharing With Family Sharing set up, up to six family members can use this app. More By This Developer See All My EAP Health & Fitness myPlans Connect Health & Fitness MyAbiliti Health & Fitness MyAbsence Business My Migo Health & Fitness My Allianz EAP Health & Fitness You May Also Like See All CANImmunize Medical Medeo Virtual Healthcare Medical First Aid - Canadian Red Cross Health & Fitness GiveBlood Medical Skyscape Medical Library Medical eaTracker Health & Fitness More ways to shop: Visit an Apple Store, call 1-800-MY-APPLE, or find a reseller. Choose your country or region Copyright © 2019 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Terms of Use Sales and Refunds Legal Site Map
