https://uwindsor.teamdynamix.com/TDClient/KB/?CategoryID=2314
Knowledge Base - Training
 Updating... Skip to main content Filter your search by categories All Knowledge Base Service Catalog Questions Search Sign In Show Applications Menu Client Portal Sign In Search Home | Help | Notifications Services Knowledge Base Questions More Applications Skip to Knowledge Base content Search Articles Knowledge Base Training  Training I.T. training options Articles (5) How can I access training materials on LinkedIn Learning? (Formally Lynda.com) All faculty and staff can access training materials on lynda.com at no charge. How to reserve UCC Classroom? At the University Computer Centre, there is a computing classroom facility which is available for use by faculty and staff for training purposes. Seating capacity allows for a maximum of 23 users due to fire regulations. The classroom has 17 Windows 10 PCs (including the instructor’s PC), with 19” flat panel LCD monitors, various general productivity and other licensed software and an overhead projector. What is LinkedIn Learning? (formally Lynda.com) What is LinkedIn Learning? (formally Lynda.com) What training options are available for MS OneDrive? Learn how to use OneDrive to share files with others by watching instructional videos on Microsoft's web site and lynda.com What training options are available for Office 365 and Outlook? Departments that are interested in supplementing lynda.com materials with in-class instructor driven training may contact any authorised Microsoft Certified training facility. Additional Resources Popular Articles Login pages for University systems and apps. What to do if I forgot my UWin Account password? What is the difference between a group and distribution list in Office 365? Why is the calendar permissions button greyed out in Outlook 2016 for Mac? Why are my folders not displaying in alphabetical order in Outlook? View All Popular Articles Recent Articles How to enable BitLocker drive encryption on your Windows 10 computer? What is Windows Hello? University of Windsor Software Entitlements and Distribution Printing to GoPrint with your own MacOS computer How to install MS Office through Office 365 portal? View All Recent Articles Popular Tags blackboard (54) outlook (39) ms-office-365 (31) lotus-notes (24) OneDrive (22) teamroom (15) y2k20 (15) e-mail (14) ms-office-365-groups (14) network-wireless-wifi (14) View All Tags
