https://www.uwindsor.ca/finance/cash-and-accounts-receivable
Cash and Accounts Receivable | Finance Department Skip to main content University of Windsor Search Enter the terms you wish to search for. Search Support UWindsor CLOSE QUICK LINKS Current Students Blackboard UWinsite Student Faculty + Staff UWinsite Finance Alumni + Donors Industry + Community Partners About Overview Office of the President Virtual Tour Visitor Information Campus Maps Parking Place of Promise VIEW Magazine Academics Programs Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs International Programs Co-operative Education Continuing Education Support Office of the Registrar Student Awards Office of the Provost Faculties Arts, Humanities, and Social Sciences Law Education Nursing Engineering Business Graduate Studies Human Kinetics Science Research Overview Vice-President, Research & Innovation Research & Innovation Services Research Appointments Research Ethics Research Safety Animal Care Research Finance Leddy Library UWill Discover! EPICentre Student Life Overview UWindsor Events SoCA Concerts & Events Lancers Varsity Sports University Players Athletics + Recreation Services Student Accessibility Services Residence Food Services Student Support Back to Top FUTURE STUDENTS ask.UWindsor MENU ask.UWindsor FUTURE STUDENTS Finance Department Finance Department Financial Accounting & Reporting Home Financial Accounting & Reporting Cash & Accounts Receivable Accounting Audited Financial Statements Gifts, Endowments and Trusts Research Finance Taxes Treasury Budgets & Financial Services Accounts Payable Budgets Customs Financial Aid Operating Budgets Payroll Procurement Purchasing Student Accounts / Cashiers Tuition Fee Estimator UWinsite Finance 2019 Year End FAQs Resource Listing Training Getting Help Glossary of Policies, Procedures & Forms Home Financial Accounting & Reporting Cash & Accounts Receivable Accounting Audited Financial Statements Gifts, Endowments and Trusts Research Finance Taxes Treasury Budgets & Financial Services Accounts Payable Budgets Customs Financial Aid Operating Budgets Payroll Procurement Purchasing Student Accounts / Cashiers Tuition Fee Estimator UWinsite Finance 2019 Year End FAQs Resource Listing Training Getting Help Glossary of Policies, Procedures & Forms UWindsor Home Finance Department Financial Accounting & Reporting Cash and Accounts Receivable Cash and Accounts Receivable Mission & Vision The Accounts Receivable department is responsible for the processing of non-student payments and invoices for the University. All forms are in PDF format unless otherwise noted. Deposit Funds If you wish to deposit your departmental revenue, use the Deposit Form. Please ensure that you are following the cash handling policy. Petty Cash Responsibilities Petty Cash Funds are available to campus community members on an as-needed basis, in accordance with the Cash Handling Policy. AR Invoice Request If you have provided goods or services to a customer, and require an invoice to be sent, please use the Invoice Request Form (Excel format) to request this invoice. Once the invoice request is received and processed, your account will be immediately credited for the invoice amount and is no longer considered payable to you. On the invoice, your customer is given instructions to send their payment directly to the Accounts Receivable department. If you receive a payment for an invoice directly, please contact the Accounts Receivable office prior to depositing. Send all completed invoice request forms to arinv@uwindsor.ca We are happy to assist you with any tax implications for your invoicing. Download the Quick Reference Guide for Taxes on Revenues to get help with correct tax treatment for invoices. Daily Exchange Rate for Deposit of US Funds The Accounts Receivable department will apply the exchange rate posted on the website. View today's exchange rate.The rate is adjusted every business day at 10:30 am, subject to the rate being updated by the Bank. If the number is greater than 1.00, the US dollar is worth more than the Canadian dollar. If the number is less than 1.00, the US dollar is worth less than the Canadian dollar. Contact Information Dannielle Quenneville Receivable Clerk University of Windsor Chrysler Hall Tower 401 Sunset Avenue Windsor, Ontario N9B 3P4 (519) 253-3000, ext. 2125 Dannielle.Quenneville@uwindsor.ca share tweet save share tweet save Contact Us University Directory Accessibility News Services for Media UWindsor mobile apps Terms & Conditions Policies Manage UWin Account Emergency Services for Students Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Facebook Follow us on LinkedIn Follow us on Flickr Follow us on Youtube Follow us on Instagram
