https://uwindsor.teamdynamix.com/TDClient/KB/?CategoryID=9151
Knowledge Base - UWinsite Finance
 Updating... Skip to main content Filter your search by categories All Knowledge Base Service Catalog Questions Search Sign In Show Applications Menu Client Portal Sign In Search Home | Help | Notifications Services Knowledge Base Questions More Applications Skip to Knowledge Base content Search Articles Knowledge Base UWinsite UWinsite Finance  UWinsite Finance UWinsite Finance is a new financial information system, that replaced the legacy JD Edwards FIS. Categories (11)  iExpenses Online travel and expense claim submission tool.  Self-Service Procurement & Purchasing Online purchase requisition and ordering tool.  Legacy FIS (JD Edwards) Information about access to the legacy FIS system which was retired on Feb 1, 2018.  R13 Upgrade Articles and FAQs related to the transition from legacy FIS (JD Edwards) to UWinsite Finance.  General Ledger The General Ledger (GL) holds the main records of the University and is at the centre of UWinsite Finance. All transactions flow through the various modules to arrive at the GL.  Projects - Research and Capital Project management for research, capital and maintenance projects.  Accounts Payable Issuing payment to suppliers for goods and services.  Accounts Receivable and Billing Issuing invoices and processing deposits.  Reporting Obtaining and understanding reports issued by UWinsite Finance.  Planning and Budgeting The budgeting and forecasting tool included in UWinsite Finance.  UWinsite Access and Security Articles on UWinsite Finance. Anyone on campus who used the legacy FIS (JD Edwards), as well as any campus members who travel, procure goods, or approve either activity will need access to use UWinsite Finance. Articles (2) Exported Invoice from ALMA - prepaid UWinsite Finance FAQ: Paperless Processing and Electronic Workflow Frequently asked questions related to process automation. Additional Resources Popular Articles Login pages for University systems and apps. What to do if I forgot my UWin Account password? What is the difference between a group and distribution list in Office 365? Why is the calendar permissions button greyed out in Outlook 2016 for Mac? Why are my folders not displaying in alphabetical order in Outlook? View All Popular Articles Recent Articles How to enable BitLocker drive encryption on your Windows 10 computer? What is Windows Hello? University of Windsor Software Entitlements and Distribution Printing to GoPrint with your own MacOS computer How to install MS Office through Office 365 portal? View All Recent Articles Popular Tags blackboard (54) outlook (39) ms-office-365 (31) lotus-notes (24) OneDrive (22) teamroom (15) y2k20 (15) e-mail (14) ms-office-365-groups (14) network-wireless-wifi (14) View All Tags
