https://uwindsor.teamdynamix.com/TDClient/KB/?CategoryID=9163
Knowledge Base - R13 Upgrade
 Updating... Skip to main content Filter your search by categories All Knowledge Base Service Catalog Questions Search Sign In Show Applications Menu Client Portal Sign In Search Home | Help | Notifications Services Knowledge Base Questions More Applications Skip to Knowledge Base content Search Articles Knowledge Base UWinsite UWinsite Finance R13 Upgrade  R13 Upgrade Articles and FAQs related to the transition from legacy FIS (JD Edwards) to UWinsite Finance. Articles (4) UWinsite Finance Training There is a number of upcoming training opportunities that are open to all faculty and staff. Please note that staff members are required to obtain approval from their supervisor prior to registration. Registration is required to attend any of those sessions. UWinsite Finance FAQ: Transition Plan Frequently asked questions regarding transitioning form the legacy FIS system (JD Edwards) to new UWinsite Finance system that is scheduled to go-live on Feb 1, 2018. UWinsite Finance FAQ: Technical Frequently asked questions on technology-related topics, such as supported platforms, credentials, technical support, etc. UWinsite Finance FAQ: Data Governance Frequently asked questions related to the governance of data stored in the UWinsite Finance cloud-based system. Additional Resources Popular Articles Login pages for University systems and apps. What to do if I forgot my UWin Account password? What is the difference between a group and distribution list in Office 365? Why is the calendar permissions button greyed out in Outlook 2016 for Mac? Why are my folders not displaying in alphabetical order in Outlook? View All Popular Articles Recent Articles How to enable BitLocker drive encryption on your Windows 10 computer? What is Windows Hello? University of Windsor Software Entitlements and Distribution Printing to GoPrint with your own MacOS computer How to install MS Office through Office 365 portal? View All Recent Articles Popular Tags blackboard (54) outlook (39) ms-office-365 (31) lotus-notes (24) OneDrive (22) teamroom (15) y2k20 (15) e-mail (14) ms-office-365-groups (14) network-wireless-wifi (14) View All Tags
