https://www.uwindsor.ca/cces/1297/post-career-opportunity
Post a Career Opportunity | Office of Experiential Learning Skip to main content University of Windsor Search Enter the terms you wish to search for. Search Support UWindsor CLOSE QUICK LINKS Current Students Blackboard UWinsite Student Faculty + Staff UWinsite Finance Alumni + Donors Industry + Community Partners About Overview Office of the President Virtual Tour Visitor Information Campus Maps Parking Place of Promise VIEW Magazine Academics Programs Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs International Programs Co-operative Education Continuing Education Support Office of the Registrar Student Awards Office of the Provost Faculties Arts, Humanities, and Social Sciences Law Education Nursing Engineering Business Graduate Studies Human Kinetics Science Research Overview Vice-President, Research & Innovation Research & Innovation Services Research Appointments Research Ethics Research Safety Animal Care Research Finance Leddy Library UWill Discover! EPICentre Student Life Overview UWindsor Events SoCA Concerts & Events Lancers Varsity Sports University Players Athletics + Recreation Services Student Accessibility Services Residence Food Services Student Support Back to Top FUTURE STUDENTS ask.UWindsor MENU ask.UWindsor FUTURE STUDENTS Office of Experiential Learning Office of Experiential Learning Employers Home What is Experiential Learning? Career Development & Experiential Learning Cooperative Education & Workplace Partnerships Student Resources Experience Maps Ignite Work Study VIP-Community Service Learning Employers Hiring Process Our Co-op Programs Work Term Job Competition Information Recruiting Guidelines Funding Resources Post a Career Opportunity Book an Event mySuccess Events & Fairs Contact Us Home What is Experiential Learning? Career Development & Experiential Learning Cooperative Education & Workplace Partnerships Student Resources Experience Maps Ignite Work Study VIP-Community Service Learning Employers Hiring Process Our Co-op Programs Work Term Job Competition Information Recruiting Guidelines Funding Resources Post a Career Opportunity Book an Event mySuccess Events & Fairs Contact Us UWindsor Home Office of Experiential Learning Employers Post a Career Opportunity Post a Career Opportunity Looking to Post a Job? The University of Windsor offers an online Job Board for you to post career opportunites to UWindsor students and alumni. Please review the recruitement guidelines prior to posting your Jobs. Register and login to the mySuccess platform to access the Job Board: Bring our classroom into your workplace! Our students are educated in the latest industry practices, technology, and trends that will keep your organization on point. Our students are your competitive advantage. Think Career-Ready Talent #HireUWindsor for: New Ideas Fresh Perspectives Affordable Employment Solutions Potential to Build your Future Workforce Find Career-Ready Talent RECRUIT UWindsor TALENT Host workshops, information sessions or hiring events Post and manage job opportunities online Review current applications Take advantages of on-campus interview facilities Partner for recruitment events and fairs Engage Career-Ready Talent Hold an industry skills workshop Partner for research opportunities Participate in an industry panel Host workplace tours and job shadowing Build Your Brand on Campus Partner with UWindsor to become an employer of choice, influence your future workforce and connect with top-talent. Our Employer Engagement Team will work with you to create a customized event that will showcase your organization to students and alumni on campus. "Valient TMS makes an investment in the local community by training future leaders. UWindsor is a long-standing, trusted partner in sourcing quality talent." Mike Van Nie Senior HR Manager Valient Corporation Experience Career-Ready Talent UWindsor Talent is growing everyday. Faculty and students are doing exciting things in and out of the classroom. Experience it for yourself. Connect with us to LINK to Career-Ready Talent in many ways. Looking to Post a Job? Log into mySuccess, to access our online job board and to post your opportunity! Field Placement: Intensive, hands-on practical experience in a field of study that is flexibly structured. Applied Research: Students and industry working together to investigate a specific, real-world issue. Student Abroad: International study for work opportunities. Community Service Learning: Part of a course, or on their own initiative student working experience in a not-for-profit organization. VIP Community Service Learning Visit the VIP-CSL: Community Partner page to learn more. Co-operative Education: Co-operative education alternates terms of paid, full-time work in a specific program. UWindsor offers co-op programs in: Engineering (civil, electrical, environmental, mechanical, industrial) Business Computer Science Physics Kinesiology Research Project: Investigation by students to produce a original contribution. Lab: Application of concepts in a laboratory or field setting. Practicum: Professional capabilities are developed in a work setting, under the supervision of an experienced registered or licensed professional. Nursing Social Work Education Internship: Internships vary across program and discipline, offering motivated students and graudates the experience to put their skills to work. Master of Applied Computing share tweet save Download our Employer Brochure share tweet save Contact Us University Directory Accessibility News Services for Media UWindsor mobile apps Terms & Conditions Policies Manage UWin Account Emergency Services for Students Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Facebook Follow us on LinkedIn Follow us on Flickr Follow us on Youtube Follow us on Instagram
