http://www.uwindsor.ca/tour
Book a Campus Tour | Office of Student Recruitment Skip to main content University of Windsor Search Enter the terms you wish to search for. Search Support UWindsor CLOSE QUICK LINKS Current Students Blackboard UWinsite Student Faculty + Staff UWinsite Finance Alumni + Donors Industry + Community Partners About Overview Office of the President Virtual Tour Visitor Information Campus Maps Parking Place of Promise VIEW Magazine Academics Programs Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs International Programs Co-operative Education Continuing Education Support Office of the Registrar Student Awards Office of the Provost Faculties Arts, Humanities, and Social Sciences Law Education Nursing Engineering Business Graduate Studies Human Kinetics Science Research Overview Vice-President, Research & Innovation Research & Innovation Services Research Appointments Research Ethics Research Safety Animal Care Research Finance Leddy Library UWill Discover! EPICentre Student Life Overview UWindsor Events SoCA Concerts & Events Lancers Varsity Sports University Players Athletics + Recreation Services Student Accessibility Services Residence Food Services Student Support Back to Top FUTURE STUDENTS ask.UWindsor MENU ask.UWindsor FUTURE STUDENTS Office of Student Recruitment Office of Student Recruitment In this section Home About UWindsor Virtual Campus Tour Undergraduate Programs Request Program Information U.S. Students Transfer Students Course-Based Graduate Programs Certificate and Diploma Programs Take a Campus Tour UWindsor Student Stories Social Media Hub Guidance Counsellors Contact Us Home About UWindsor Virtual Campus Tour Undergraduate Programs Request Program Information U.S. Students Transfer Students Course-Based Graduate Programs Certificate and Diploma Programs Take a Campus Tour UWindsor Student Stories Social Media Hub Guidance Counsellors Contact Us UWindsor Home Office of Student Recruitment Book a Campus Tour Book a Campus Tour Let us show you why we’re Windsor Proud! Campus tours are offered Monday to Friday at 10:30 am and 2:30 pm and are led by a current UWin Student Ambassador. We are ready to address your questions about student life and academics and show you around our beautiful campus. The tour will include a general overview of the main campus and residences, as well as an opportunity to visit our downtown sites for the School of Creative Arts and the School of Social Work. Please allow approximately 1.5 hours for your visit of main campus and please indicate when booking if you would like to visit the downtown campus. Please wear comfortable footwear, and dress for the weather as we will proceed, rain or shine. To book your campus visit, please telephone 1-800-864-2860 (toll free) or 519-973-7014 (local). Future Engineering Student Shadow Days This half day experience will run from 11:45 a.m. to 2:30 p.m., and includes being hosted by a current UWindsor undergraduate Engineering student, who will take you for a tour of the Engineering (CEI) building, followed by a meeting with the Assistant Dean, and sitting in on an Engineering Design class. You may also choose to attend an optional full campus tour offered by the Office of Student Recruitment after your shadowing experience. November Shadow Days are now full, we will be announcing new days for January – March shortly. Future Science Student Shadow Days This half-day experience runs from 11:30am-2:00pm. It includes being hosted by a current UWindsor Science undergraduate student, who will take you for a short campus tour, lunch (sponsored by the Dean of Science) in the CAW Student Centre, and to sit in on a science undergraduate class. You may also choose to attend an optional full campus tour offered by the Office of Student Recruitment after your shadowing experience. Register for Future Science Student Shadow Days Future Nursing Student Shadow Days This half-day experience will be offered by the Faculty of Nursing. You will be hosted by a current UWindsor Nursing undergraduate student and have the opportunity to sit in on a number of nursing undergraduate classes and labs, as well as meet with an Academic Advisor. You may also choose to attend an optional full campus tour offered by the Office of Student Recruitment after your shadowing experience. Register for Future Nursing Student Shadow Days Campus Map Get an overview of the Campus, Parking & Facilities UWindsor Campus Map Virtual Tour Can't wait to see what our campus looks like? Take our virtual tour now to experience campus with one of our graduates,as they navigate you through the virtual tour. Experience a UWindsor Campus Tour Virtually Contact Us If you have any comments or questions, please feel free to contact. 1-800-864-2860 (toll free) 1-519-973-7014 (local) Need help? and type in the topic 'tours' for assistance. More information Directions to Student Recruitment Office Campus Map Parking on Campus Accommodations share tweet save News Residence Life: Residence is your first step to independence. Students share their stories: Listen to student experiences. View more Future Student News share tweet save Contact Us University Directory Accessibility News Services for Media UWindsor mobile apps Terms & Conditions Policies Manage UWin Account Emergency Services for Students Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Facebook Follow us on LinkedIn Follow us on Flickr Follow us on Youtube Follow us on Instagram
