http://www.uwindsor.ca/getting-here
Getting Here | University of Windsor Skip to main content University of Windsor Search Enter the terms you wish to search for. Search Support UWindsor CLOSE QUICK LINKS Current Students Blackboard UWinsite Student Faculty + Staff UWinsite Finance Alumni + Donors Industry + Community Partners About Overview Office of the President Virtual Tour Visitor Information Campus Maps Parking Place of Promise VIEW Magazine Academics Programs Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs International Programs Co-operative Education Continuing Education Support Office of the Registrar Student Awards Office of the Provost Faculties Arts, Humanities, and Social Sciences Law Education Nursing Engineering Business Graduate Studies Human Kinetics Science Research Overview Vice-President, Research & Innovation Research & Innovation Services Research Appointments Research Ethics Research Safety Animal Care Research Finance Leddy Library UWill Discover! EPICentre Student Life Overview UWindsor Events SoCA Concerts & Events Lancers Varsity Sports University Players Athletics + Recreation Services Student Accessibility Services Residence Food Services Student Support Back to Top FUTURE STUDENTS ask.UWindsor MENU ask.UWindsor FUTURE STUDENTS About the University Our Location About the University Why UWindsor? Our Vision and Mission Fast Facts Our History Our Brand Our Location Campus Map Take a Virtual Tour Getting Here Affiliated Colleges About the University Why UWindsor? Our Vision and Mission Fast Facts Our History Our Brand Our Location Campus Map Take a Virtual Tour Getting Here Affiliated Colleges University of Windsor About the University Our Location Getting Here Getting Here UWindsor is located at: 401 Sunset Avenue, Windsor, Ontario N9B 3P4, 519-253-3000. Driving directions to main campus From Hwy. 401: Exit Hwy. 401 at Hwy 3 West (Huron Church Road), exit number 5. Take Huron Church Road, around the Ambassador Bridge Entrance, to Wyandotte St. W. Turn right (east) on Wyandotte Street West and right (south) on Sunset Avenue. The parking structure is on left side of the street. From Windsor Airport: From the main airport parking lot, turn right (west) onto County Road 42. County Road 42 turns into Division Road at Walker Road. Continue along Division Road approximately 1 kilometer; the road forks. Take the left fork to Cabana Road. Continue along Cabana for approximately 4.5 kilometers to Huron Church Road. Turn right (north) onto Huron Church Road to Patricia Road, approximately 6.25 kilometers. Stay to right and proceed past bridge entrance along Patricia Rd. Turn right (east) onto Wyandotte Street, right (south) onto Sunset Ave, to the parking structure. From VIA Rail station: Proceed west along Riverside Drive approximately 5 kilometers to Sunset Ave. Turn left (south) on California Ave. Turn right (west) on Wyandotte Street West and left (south) on Sunset Avenue. The parking structure is on the left side of the street. From Ambassador Bridge: Once you have cleared Canada Customs, take the bridge exit on the extreme right that indicates downtown Windsor. This will bring you to Huron Church Road, traveling north. Turn right (east) onto Wyandotte Street, right (south) onto Sunset Ave, to the parking structure. From Windsor-Detroit Tunnel: Once you have cleared Canada Customs, turn left (west) onto Park Street. Immediately turn left (south) onto Ouellette Avenue. Proceed to Wyandotte Street West. Turn right (west) onto Wyandotte Street West, approximately 2 kilometers to Sunset Ave. Left (south) onto Sunset Ave, to the parking structure. Driving directions to south campus From Hwy. 401: Exit Hwy. 401 at Hwy 3 West (Huron Church Road), exit number 5. Take Huron Church Road to College Avenue. Turn right (east) on to College Avenue to parking lots G or H for the Faculty of Human Kinetics, South Campus Stadium and St. Denis Centre. For the School of Visual Arts (LeBel Building), turn left (west) on to College Avenue. Turn left (south) into parking lot P. From Windsor Airport: From the main airport parking lot, turn right (west) onto County Road 42. County Road 42 turns into Division Road at Walker Road. Continue along Division Road approximately 1 kilometer; the road forks. Take the left fork to Cabana Road. Continue along Cabana for approximately 4.5 kilometers to Huron Church Road. Turn right (north) onto Huron Church Road, approximately 6.25 kilometers to College Avenue. To School of Visual Arts (LeBel Building): Turn left (west) onto College Avenue to parking lot P. To Faculty of Human Kinetics, South Campus Stadium, St. Denis Athletics Centre: Turn right (east) onto College Avenue to parking lots G or H. From VIA Rail station: Proceed west along Riverside Drive approximately 5 kilometers to Huron Church Road. Left (south) onto Huron Church Road to College Avenue. To School of Visual Arts (LeBel Building): Turn right (west) onto College Avenue to parking lot P. To Faculty of Human Kinetics, South Campus Stadium, St. Denis Athletics Centre: Turn left (east) onto College Avenue to parking lots G or H. From Ambassador Bridge: Once you have cleared Canada Customs, take the main bridge exit on the left to College Avenue. To School of Visual Arts (LeBel Building): Turn right (west) onto College Avenue to parking lot P. To Faculty of Human Kinetics, South Campus Stadium, St. Denis Athletics Centre: Turn left (east) onto College Avenue to parking lots G or H. From Windsor-Detroit Tunnel: Once you have cleared Canada Customs, turn left (west) onto Park Street. Immediately turn right (north) onto Ouellette Avenue. Proceed to University Avenue, the next traffic light. Turn left (west) onto University Ave, approximately 2.25 kilometers to Huron Church Road. Left (south) onto Huron Church Road to College Avenue. To School of Visual Arts (LeBel Building): Turn right (west) onto College Avenue to parking lot P. To Faculty of Human Kinetics, South Campus Stadium, St. Denis Athletics Centre: Turn left (east) onto College Avenue to parking lots G or H. Driving directions to downtown campuses To Windsor Hall: Head east on Riverside Drive, approximately 2 kilometres to Ferry Street, right on Ferry, one block south to 167 Ferry St. For Windsor Hall, find more options for routes and means of transportation. To School of Creative Arts: Head east on University Avenue, approximately 2.5 kilometres to Freedom Way. For The Alan Wildeman School of Creative Arts, find more options for routes and means of transportation. Public Transportation The University of Windsor is served by Transit Windsor, which operates buses from 5 a.m. to 2 a.m. weekdays. Four Transit Windsor bus routes bring passengers to the University of Windsor. Transway 1C Crosstown 2 Central 3 South Windsor 7 More information on fares and a map of all Transit Windsor routes. share tweet save Today's Events Georgie Odette Leadership Symposium Legal Employer Tour (London) 8:00am to 5:30pm PhD Seminar Announcement by Md Zamilur Rahman\:\'A Separator-based Method for Generating Weakly Chordal Graphs\' 10:00am to 12:00pm Final oral defense\: Mohammad Abdul Moin Oninda (M.A.Sc.) 10:00am Transition 11:00am to 12:00pm Computer Science Colloquium Series by Osama Hamzeh\:\'Knowledge-assisted Machine Learning Approach to Enhance Cancer Biomarker Identification\' 11:00am to 12:00pm Advanced Job Search 11:30am to 12:45pm Actuarial Careers Presentation 1:00pm Canadian Legal Research for Transfer Students 1:30pm to 3:30pm University of Windsor Women's Basketball vs Ontario Tech Ridgebacks 6:00pm to 8:00pm University of Windsor Men's Hockey vs Laurier Golden Hawks 7:30pm to 10:30pm University of Windsor Men's Basketball vs Ontario Tech Ridgebacks 8:00pm to 10:00pm Upcoming Events Education\: Fall Exams Sat, 11/16/2019 Free Student Seminars Sat, 11/16/2019 - 10:00 University of Windsor Women's Volleyball at Waterloo Warriors Sat, 11/16/2019 - 12:00 University of Windsor Men's Volleyball at Waterloo Warrirors Sat, 11/16/2019 - 14:00 University of Windsor Women's Basketball vs Queen's Gaels Sat, 11/16/2019 - 18:00 more share tweet save Contact Us University Directory Accessibility News Services for Media UWindsor mobile apps Terms & Conditions Policies Manage UWin Account Emergency Services for Students Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Facebook Follow us on LinkedIn Follow us on Flickr Follow us on Youtube Follow us on Instagram
