http://www.uwindsor.ca/current-students
Make the Most of Your UWindsor Experience | University of Windsor Skip to main content University of Windsor Search Enter the terms you wish to search for. Search Support UWindsor CLOSE QUICK LINKS Current Students Blackboard UWinsite Student Faculty + Staff UWinsite Finance Alumni + Donors Industry + Community Partners About Overview Office of the President Virtual Tour Visitor Information Campus Maps Parking Place of Promise VIEW Magazine Academics Programs Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs International Programs Co-operative Education Continuing Education Support Office of the Registrar Student Awards Office of the Provost Faculties Arts, Humanities, and Social Sciences Law Education Nursing Engineering Business Graduate Studies Human Kinetics Science Research Overview Vice-President, Research & Innovation Research & Innovation Services Research Appointments Research Ethics Research Safety Animal Care Research Finance Leddy Library UWill Discover! EPICentre Student Life Overview UWindsor Events SoCA Concerts & Events Lancers Varsity Sports University Players Athletics + Recreation Services Student Accessibility Services Residence Food Services Student Support Back to Top FUTURE STUDENTS ask.UWindsor MENU ask.UWindsor FUTURE STUDENTS University of Windsor In this section Current Students UWinsite Student Office of the Registrar Student Accounts Campus Life Student Support Services Career and Employment Services Blackboard Learn Co-operative Education Student Webmail myUWindsor app mySuccess Current Students UWinsite Student Office of the Registrar Student Accounts Campus Life Student Support Services Career and Employment Services Blackboard Learn Co-operative Education Student Webmail myUWindsor app mySuccess University of Windsor Make the Most of Your UWindsor Experience Make the Most of Your UWindsor Experience Learn more about the University Of Windsor's new student information system. Going live on November 26, 2018. Select the image to the left for more information... Student Support Students often ask how they can make the most of their student experience. The advice often centres on discovery, both within and beyond the classroom. Take the time to be fully engaged—with your professors, your peers and the staff who are here to support you throughout your time at our university. And always strive for excellence. Above all, it is what will bring your UWindsor student experience to life. Take advantage of the support services we have in place. View a full list of student support services. Academics The Undergraduate and Graduate Calendars are comprehensive guides to all programs and courses available at the University of Windsor. They outline academic regulations and standards, program degree requirements, and general University policies for all programs. The online calendars are the official calendars. The University of Windsor publishes undergraduate web calendars on a semester basis (Fall, Winter, and Spring). Go to the Undergraduate Calendar Go the Graduate Calendar Campus Life With a great variety of options, the UWindsor campus is always full of life. In addition to the list below be sure to check out our Student Life section for even more activities and information. Campus Bookstore Lancer Recreation Lancer Varsity Athletics Health Services Residence Services Student Government CJAM 99.1 University Players share tweet save Today's Events Career Peer Advising- Drop In 10:00am to 4:00pm Surf the Urge\: Dialectical Behavioural Therapy 10:00am to 11:30am Fun Fair & Sports Day 11:00am to 2:00pm Introduction to Interviews 1:00pm to 2:00pm 3 Minute Thesis (3MT®) Competition - information session for students 1:30pm Abstracts 4:00pm to 5:00pm Explore UWindsor Tour - Markham 6:30pm to 8:00pm Sexual Assault Awareness Committee\: Movie Night & Discussion 7:00pm to 10:00pm Upcoming Events Free Coffee Day Wed, 11/27/2019 - 09:30 Career Peer Advising- Drop In Wed, 11/27/2019 - 10:00 ASB Silent Auction Wed, 11/27/2019 - 10:00 Non-Denominational Mindfulness Meditation Wed, 11/27/2019 - 11:00 Final oral defense\: Usha Sreeram (M.A.Sc.) Wed, 11/27/2019 - 11:00 more share tweet save Contact Us University Directory Accessibility News Services for Media UWindsor mobile apps Terms & Conditions Policies Manage UWin Account Emergency Services for Students Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Facebook Follow us on LinkedIn Follow us on Flickr Follow us on Youtube Follow us on Instagram
