http://www.uwindsor.ca/placeofpromise/champions
Our champions | Place of Promise Skip to main content WELCOME PRIORITIES WAYS TO GIVE CHAMPIONS NEWS DONATE NOW Our Champions Wilf Gobert Allan J. Stitt Jean Wright Wilf Gobert University of Windsor Champion BSc '71 Board of Directors for Canadian Natural Resources Trilogy Energy Corp; Gluskin Sheff + Associates Automated Rig Technology Co-Chair, Fort Calgary MAKE History Capital Campaign Board of Empowering Minds Senior Fellow, The Fraser Institute, Energy Studies "My years at the University of Windsor were 'formative' to say the least. When a door opens, you can't be afraid to go through it and that's what I did when I was selected to be part of a unique computer science and math program in my second year. It was a significant challenge but the intensity of that program—combined with the friends that I made on campus—set the tone for my career and my life. With focused dedication and hard work, there’s no limit to what you can do and where you can go. I learned that lesson at the University of Windsor. University is a short but critical time in your life. Don’t waste it—embrace it! Academics combined with the social interaction I experienced made for a complete education." Allan J. Stitt University of Windsor Champion LLB '88 President + CEO, ADR Chambers | Stitt Feld Handy Group "My Windsor Law experience changed my life and started me on the path I'm now on, and I'm grateful for the incredible education I received and the friends and connections I made. But, just as importantly, my Windsor Law degree opened doors that would have otherwise been closed, and gave me unique and rewarding opportunities. I realize how much Windsor Law has done for me and that's why I feel an obligation to give back to it." Jean Wright University of Windsor Champion BA '71, BEd '72 President, University of Windsor Alumni Association "I'm thrilled to be part of a campaign to support a place that has given my family and the community so much. Both my husband and I, along with our three daughters, attended the University of Windsor, so I have a deep understanding of what a special place it is. It's so exciting to be part of the movement of the University to downtown Windsor. It's not just about the beautiful new buildings—it's about the people who go into these buildings and are now making our community a better place. When you walk on campus, you feel the energy right away—it's a good energy and I'm very proud to support it and help it any way that I can." Contact the Campaign Office Campaign Directory UWindsor Website Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Facebook Follow us on LinkedIn Follow us on Youtube Follow us on Instagram
