http://www.uwindsor.ca/placeofpromise/news
News | Place of Promise Skip to main content WELCOME PRIORITIES WAYS TO GIVE CHAMPIONS NEWS DONATE NOW Lancer sport centre will bridge University and Windsor communities Collaboratory to provide space to nurture inquisitive thought The UWill Discover Student Research Collaboratory@Leddy (UDSRC@Leddy) will provide the University of Windsor’s most inquisitive minds with state-of-the-art dynamic space to share their findings and develop collaborative relationships with partners from across campus and globally. Ceremony marks milestone in science building construction Dean of science Chris Houser (left) leads a line of University faculty, students, and officials to autograph the final steel beam before it was added to the top of the science research and innovation building under construction west of Essex Hall. The University of Windsor marked a key milestone in the construction of its new science research and innovation building Wednesday, as the final beam was placed on top of the structure’s frame during a “topping off” ceremony. Researchers work with businesses, community to support people with aphasia Julia Borsatto, UWindsor clinical neuropsychology graduate student, and Laura Pineault (B.Sc. 2016) are associate directors of Aphasia Friendly Canada. There are few things more dispiriting than losing the ability to communicate. And yet, every year, thousands of people across Canada awake to a new reality filled with elusive words and illegible text. Walkway naming honours late Alistair MacLeod Author Alexander MacLeod, son of the late UWindsor professor Alistair MacLeod, speaks about his father’s love of the University during a ceremony Monday dedicating the walkway in front of Dillon Hall. David A. Wilson Commons opens to fanfare Helping to cut the ribbon inaugurating the David A. Wilson Commons on Friday were Lancer basketball player Mike Rocca, scholarship recipient Natalie Opare, UWindsor president Alan Wildeman, honoured donor David Wilson, and alumni association president Jean Wright. Friday’s official opening of the David A. Wilson Commons marks the latest chapter in the University’s campus transformation initiative. New science facility to provide lab and collaboration space for research A new building going up west of Essex Hall will be an “exceptional facility” for scientific research and innovation, UWindsor president Alan Wildeman said Thursday in response to the announcement of almost $15 million in federal funding for the facility. 1 2 next › Next Contact the Campaign Office Campaign Directory UWindsor Website Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Facebook Follow us on LinkedIn Follow us on Youtube Follow us on Instagram
