http://www.uwindsor.ca/engineering/425/news-and-events
News and Events | Faculty of Engineering Skip to main content University of Windsor Search Enter the terms you wish to search for. Search Support UWindsor CLOSE QUICK LINKS Current Students Blackboard UWinsite Student Faculty + Staff UWinsite Finance Alumni + Donors Industry + Community Partners Faculty of Engineering About Engineering Departments Undergraduate Graduate Research News & Events Current Students About Overview Office of the President Virtual Tour Visitor Information Campus Maps Parking Place of Promise VIEW Magazine Academics Programs Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs International Programs Co-operative Education Continuing Education Support Office of the Registrar Student Awards Office of the Provost Faculties Arts, Humanities, and Social Sciences Law Education Nursing Engineering Business Graduate Studies Human Kinetics Science Research Overview Vice-President, Research & Innovation Research & Innovation Services Research Appointments Research Ethics Research Safety Animal Care Research Finance Leddy Library UWill Discover! EPICentre Student Life Overview UWindsor Events SoCA Concerts & Events Lancers Varsity Sports University Players Athletics + Recreation Services Student Accessibility Services Residence Food Services Student Support Back to Top FUTURE STUDENTS MENU FUTURE STUDENTS Faculty of Engineering About Engineering Departments Undergraduate Graduate Research News & Events Current Students Faculty of Engineering Home WE - Windsor Engineering Magazine Newsletters News Archive Contact WE - Windsor Engineering Magazine Newsletters News Archive Contact For engineering-related media inquiries, please contact: Kristie Pearce Communications Coordinator Faculty of Engineering University of Windsor T 519-253-3000 (4128) kpearce@uwindsor.ca Follow Us: Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Youtube Faculty of Engineering Home News and Events News and Events UWindsor satellite design leading student competition Nov 1st, 2019 A team from the University of Windsor received top marks from the judges in the design review portion of the Canadian Satellite Design Challenge, in October in Quebec City. The competition requires students to develop a satellite that can take a photo from space when commanded to do so by amateur radio operators around the world. It is intended to advance space education in Canada, inspiring students to pursue science and engineering educations and careers. The satellites will undergo full launch and space environmental qualification testing, with the goal of launching the winning satellite into orbit. In Quebec, teams conducted 2.5-hour presentations to a panel of industry experts. Read More Adjunct professor to head ozone research body Oct 30th, 2019 A UWindsor adjunct professor will be the first Canadian to lead an international educational and scientific organization dedicated to ozone technology. Saad Y. Jasim was inaugurated as the president of the International Ozone Association during its World Congress and Exhibition, held Oct. 20 to 25 in Nice, France. He will start his two-year term as president in January 2020. “It will be my duty to provide education and knowledge to different sectors in the world and make sure that knowledge transfer is the aim of our work,” says Dr. Jasim, who has served as a UWindsor adjunct professor since 1996. “I would like to make a difference. That is what I believe I was able to do in places like Windsor and Walkerton, Ont.” Jasim introduced ozone to drinking water in Windsor in 2001 when he served as the Windsor Utilities Commission’s director of water quality and production. Since then, the City of Windsor has repeatedly won Best Tasting Water in a competition organized by the Ontario Water Works Association. In 2004, Jasim designed an ozone system in Leamington for a 14-acre greenhouse, recycling more than 25,000 gallons of discharged water. Read More Students tour local companies as part of annual Manufacturing Day Oct 16th, 2019 UWindsor Engineering students had the opportunity to participate in Manufacturing Day thanks to the Office of Experiential Learning. On Oct. 4, Career Development and Experiential Learning organized a bus tour for 46 engineering students to tour manufacturing facilities and learn about their career options. The annual event is coordinated locally by Workforce WindsorEssex. Stephanie Dupley, career advisor in CDEL, said students were enthusiastic about their visits to Active Industrial Solutions and Valiant TMS. Read More UWindsorENG grad inducted into alumni Hall of Fame Oct 16th, 2019 UWindsor Engineering alumnus Steve Ray has been inducted into UWindsor's Alumni Sports Hall of Fame for his outstanding performances in volleyball. The 34th annual Alumni Sports Hall of Fame Induction Ceremony and Awards Presentation was held Oct. 6. Following Sunday’s ceremonies, the Hall of Fame now boasts a distinguished membership of 135 inductees, 31 Sport Achievement recipients and 39 Team Achievement recipients. Read More Engineering prof recognized as leader in energy sustainability Oct 15th, 2019 What if electric vehicles are in every Canadian driveway? Solar shingles on every roof? What if you purchase your energy from your neighbour and not your utility? His work to advance the nation’s energy economy has won a University of Windsor engineering professor recognition as a Canadian leader in sustainability. Rupp Carriveau was among 50 honourees to receive a Canada Clean50 award during a ceremony on Thursday, Oct. 3, at the Clean50 Summit in Toronto. The awards are distributed annually to thought leaders and advocates and sustainability trailblazers in industry, academia, government. Dr. Carriveau was chosen after a rigorous selection process conducted by search firm Delta Management from a pool of approximately 750 nominees across Canada. Read More Engineering prof joins accreditation board Sep 11th, 2019 Engineers Canada has appointed Waguih ElMaraghy, UWindsor professor of mechanical, automotive, and materials engineering, as a member-at-large on the Canadian Engineering Accreditation Board. He began a three-year term July 1. The members of the board are volunteers drawn from academia, the public sector, and private industry, who develop criteria for the accreditation of the country’s undergraduate engineering programs. Dr. ElMaraghy will attend the next meeting of the board Sept. 13 in St. John’s, N.L. Read More UWindsor hosts international intelligent transportation conference Aug 1st, 2019 The Faculty of Engineering welcomed dozens of international researchers to campus July 26 to share the latest innovations in intelligent transportation. The 2019 International Conference on Intelligent Transportation and Logistics with Big Data and the Seventh International Forum on Decision Sciences was held July 26 to 29, 2019 with nearly 100 delegates from Canada, China and the Hong Kong region, Colombia, Japan, France, Portugal and the United States. Experts in intelligent transportation, network optimization, big data, sharing economy, risk management and operations and supply chain management delivered keynote talks and shared their findings during paper presentations. “The conference proved an excellent platform to exchange ideas and introduce new models, methods and innovative applications,” says conference chair, Dr. Guoqing Zhang, an industrial engineering professor and director of the Supply Chain and logistics Optimization Research Centre. “Many attendees appreciated the opportunities to engage in in-depth discussions with distinguished researchers.” Read More Graduating students tackle real-world problems Jul 29th, 2019 Jeff Bilek, Larry Sandhu, Aaron Marson and Connor Holowachuk display their fitness-based wearable Friday, July 26, 2019 in the Ed Lumley Centre for Engineering Innovation. More than 100 industry and community members came to the University of Windsor Friday to learn more about student engineering projects that have real-world applications and the potential to advance technology. The fourth-year capstone projects ranged from fitness-based wearables, autonomous vehicle technologiesand sensor systems for monitoring greenhouses to the optimization of the Chatham Water Pollution Control Plant and building energy retrofitting. "Our project allowed us to explore a variety of practical solutions to real-world problems,” says Olivia Byrne, whose team placed second in the Water Environment Association of Ontario's annual student design competition for its optimization of the Chatham Water Pollution Control Plant. “Coming up with a competitive solution required intense dedication and organization.” Read More Hyperloop team puts Windsor on world stage Jul 25th, 2019 Overwhelming support from the community, a shout-out from the prime minister and a chance to pick Elon Musk’s brain has left the uWinLoop team feeling charged and driven to compete again in next year’s SpaceX Hyperloop Pod Competition. The team of University of Windsor and St. Clair College students made it to the final round of the international competition, but was not one of the four teams out of 21 to be selected to test its pod due to stringent safety requirements. "Our team worked closely with SpaceX engineers leading up to the competition day,” says Solange Rennie, the team’s business lead. “We were provided with advice and guidance in order to continuously improve our pod, which we plan to utilize for next year’s competition.” Read More Rocketry students reach new heights in international competition Jul 24th, 2019 A team of mechanical engineering students placed fifth in the world's largest intercollegiate rocket engineering competition. The Spaceport America Cup attracted 121 teams worldwide to compete June 18 to 22, 2019 in Las Cruces, New Mexico. University of Windsor Rocketry Team member Katarina Berg says the competition has multiple categories based on motor type and either a target altitude of 10,000 or 30,000 feet. The UWindsor team chose to compete in the 30,000 commercial off the shelf motor, solid propulsion category against 19 teams. “We came in fifth in our category and 31st in the overall competition. Our actual apogee was 26,517 feet,” Berg says. “It was absolutely an amazing experience to be able to connect with and learn from universities all over the world. To see all the different approaches to the same common problem is very intriguing.” Read More 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 … next › share tweet save For engineering-related media inquiries, please contact: Kristie Pearce Communications Coordinator Faculty of Engineering University of Windsor T 519-253-3000 (4128) kpearce@uwindsor.ca Follow Us: Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Youtube Upcoming Events GoENG Girl Sat, 11/16/2019 - 08:30 Engineering Tutoring Sat, 11/16/2019 - 10:00 Engineering Communication Support Mon, 11/18/2019 - 11:00 Engineering Communication Support Tue, 11/19/2019 - 09:00 Engineering Tutoring Tue, 11/19/2019 - 14:00 View Event Calendar Subscribe to our E-news Tweets by UWindsorENG share tweet save Contact Us University Directory Accessibility News Services for Media UWindsor mobile apps Terms & Conditions Policies Manage UWin Account Emergency Services for Students Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Facebook Follow us on LinkedIn Follow us on Flickr Follow us on Youtube Follow us on Instagram
