https://www.uwindsor.ca/provost/
Office of the Provost and Vice-President, Academic Skip to main content University of Windsor Search Enter the terms you wish to search for. Search Support UWindsor CLOSE QUICK LINKS Current Students Blackboard UWinsite Student Faculty + Staff UWinsite Finance Alumni + Donors Industry + Community Partners About Overview Office of the President Virtual Tour Visitor Information Campus Maps Parking Place of Promise VIEW Magazine Academics Programs Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs International Programs Co-operative Education Continuing Education Support Office of the Registrar Student Awards Office of the Provost Faculties Arts, Humanities, and Social Sciences Law Education Nursing Engineering Business Graduate Studies Human Kinetics Science Research Overview Vice-President, Research & Innovation Research & Innovation Services Research Appointments Research Ethics Research Safety Animal Care Research Finance Leddy Library UWill Discover! EPICentre Student Life Overview UWindsor Events SoCA Concerts & Events Lancers Varsity Sports University Players Athletics + Recreation Services Student Accessibility Services Residence Food Services Student Support Back to Top FUTURE STUDENTS ask.UWindsor MENU ask.UWindsor FUTURE STUDENTS UWindsor Home Office of the Provost and Vice-President, Academic Office of the Provost & Vice-President, Academic Office of the Provost & Vice-President, Academic AboutMessagesInitiativesNew Faculty/RecruitmentFaculty Admin. ProcessesPolicies+ProceduresSearch+Review CommitteesContact Register for Office of the Provost Events Description of Provost’s duties and responsibilities Provost and Vice-President, Academic Douglas Kneale is the senior academic officer of the University of Windsor who provides leadership for academic planning and administration. His oversight encompasses the following areas: Teaching and Learning ● Student Experience ● Faculty Matters ● Curricula and Programs ● Student Advising ● Continuing Education ● Residences The Library ● The Library ● Student Recruitment ● Information Technology ● Experiential Learning ● Strategic Enrolment Management ● International Development Provost’s Message Provost’s MessageSeptember 1, 2019 Welcome to the Office of the Provost at the University of Windsor. Who we are The University of Windsor is exceptional. Take, for starters, the broad range of programs we offer – Engineering, Law, Nursing, Education, Business, Human Kinetics, Science, and Arts, Humanities & Social Sciences. Then add in our signature programs in Great Lakes research, Visual Arts & the Built Environment, Social Work, Sport Management, Health & Biomedical Sciences, and a dual Law degree in both Canada and the US. Having such a rich mix of programs – professional, applied, experiential, and theoretical – means that our students have far-reaching opportunities in curricular, co-curricular, and extra-curricular ways. Where we are No other university in Canada can boast a location that is 600 metres away from a foreign country, an international neighbour, and a city with a French name: Detroit. Put a compass in the middle of the iconic Ambassador Bridge, describe a circle, and you have a greater metropolitan area of more than 5 million people in two different countries, with exponential social and cultural opportunities. We are in that part of Canada once known as la nouvelle France, which explains our rich heritage of French place-names. Our campus is situated on the traditional territory of the Three Fires Confederacy of First Nations. We are the fourth most culturally and ethnically diverse city in all of Canada. In short, we welcome the world to Windsor. Where you fit in Whether you are a current or future member of the University of Windsor community – student, faculty, or staff – I invite you to browse these pages for more information about us, or follow the links to learn about our priorities, our successes, and our aspirations. You will find that since 1857 we have been a progressive and inclusive community that comes together to study, to learn, to teach, and to serve. We are a community where we care for one another, where we have our neighbour’s back, and our neighbour has ours. And we are proud of that. Take a virtual tour of our university, or contact us for a campus tour in person, or arrange to sit in on a class. Visit our booth at the Ontario Universities’ Fair in Toronto on September 27-29. And be sure to come to our Fall Open House on Saturday, November 2 to learn more about our programs and to meet awesome students and professors. And when you do, you’ll understand why we are Windsor Proud. Douglas Kneale Provost and Vice-President, Academic Related Links Freedom of Expression at the University of Windsor Collective Agreement between the Faculty Association and the Board of Governors (2017-21) Institutional Quality Assurance Process at the University of Windsor Investing in Faculty: "50 New Profs" Initiative Quality Assurance Framework Ontario Universities Council on Quality Assurance Renewal, Tenure, and Promotion Frameworks Strategic Enrolment Management Strategic Mandate Agreement Office of the President Strategic Mandate Agreement 3 (2020-2025) Process Research Appointments Office of the Vice-President, Research and Innovation Resources for Departmental Heads The Office of the Provost is dedicated to supporting and enhancing the university’s academic mission – education, scholarship, research, and engagement – through commitment to high intellectual standards, human rights and freedoms, the centrality of the student experience, civility and respect, responsible stewardship and engagement with regard to issues of importance to the world and our communities, as well as the needs and rights of people, cultures, and the environment. This mission, and these commitments, form the basis of our work and our decision making. Three key priorities provide focal points for sustainable advancement of this mission: Reputation Projects and initiatives that seek to ensure that excellence and innovation in all areas of the University’s academic mission is recognized, rewarded, and promoted, on and off campus, and around the world. Explore the life-changing learning and world-changing research happening now at the University of Windsor [.pdf]. Recruitment Projects and initiatives – from new programs, to extraordinary experiences, to enhanced graduate opportunities, from evolving research synergies to community engagement, from new communications strategies to stronger networks – that draw scholars, students, and staff and community members to the University of Windsor. Retention Projects and initiatives committed to ensuring that students, staff, and faculty can achieve their aspirations, and thrive and excel in all aspects of their learning, work, and life on campus. Projects that help people engage, persevere, and succeed. share tweet save share tweet save Contact Us University Directory Accessibility News Services for Media UWindsor mobile apps Terms & Conditions Policies Manage UWin Account Emergency Services for Students Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Facebook Follow us on LinkedIn Follow us on Flickr Follow us on Youtube Follow us on Instagram
