http://www.uwindsor.ca/graduate-studies/304/actuarial-science-mactsc?elqTrackId=43cd9f6502f1493c95ac14ae8555144e&elqaid=414&elqat=2
Actuarial Science (MActSc) | Faculty of Graduate Studies Skip to main content University of Windsor Search Enter the terms you wish to search for. Search Support UWindsor CLOSE QUICK LINKS Current Students Blackboard UWinsite Student Faculty + Staff UWinsite Finance Alumni + Donors Industry + Community Partners Faculty of Graduate Studies About Us Future Students Current Students Faculty & Staff Funding Graduate Calendar About Overview Office of the President Virtual Tour Visitor Information Campus Maps Parking Place of Promise VIEW Magazine Academics Programs Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs International Programs Co-operative Education Continuing Education Support Office of the Registrar Student Awards Office of the Provost Faculties Arts, Humanities, and Social Sciences Law Education Nursing Engineering Business Graduate Studies Human Kinetics Science Research Overview Vice-President, Research & Innovation Research & Innovation Services Research Appointments Research Ethics Research Safety Animal Care Research Finance Leddy Library UWill Discover! EPICentre Student Life Overview UWindsor Events SoCA Concerts & Events Lancers Varsity Sports University Players Athletics + Recreation Services Student Accessibility Services Residence Food Services Student Support Back to Top FUTURE STUDENTS ask.UWindsor MENU ask.UWindsor FUTURE STUDENTS Faculty of Graduate Studies About Us Future Students Current Students Faculty & Staff Funding Graduate Calendar Faculty of Graduate Studies Future Students Future Students Graduate Programs Admission Requirements Tuition Fees Apply Future Students FAQ Future Students Graduate Programs Admission Requirements Tuition Fees Apply Future Students FAQ UWindsor Home Faculty of Graduate Studies Future Students Actuarial Science (MActSc) Actuarial Science (MActSc) M.Act.Sc Actuarial science includes a number of interrelated subjects, including probability, mathematics, statistics, finance, economics, and mathematics of finance. The Master of Actuarial Science will prepare you for the professional exams necessary to become an Actuary in North America with accreditation accepted in many other parts of the world. You will study and live in Canada for approximately 16 months (4 academic terms) while enrolled in a total of 12 courses. The courses will include actuarial mathematics as required for the Society of Actuaries (SOA) professional exams. As a professional graduate program, alumni of the M.Act.Sc program are well prepared for careers in insurance, pensions, and healthcare industries. Graduates can also participate in one of the regular offerings of the Society of Actuaries (SOA) exams offered on-site. Program Specific Admission Requirements Deadline for Fall: April 1 Minimum TOEFL: IBT-83 Minimum IELTS: 6.5 Minimum Pearson: 65 Additional Requirements Statement of Interest (max 2 pages) Curriculum Vitae (max 2 pages) Upon acceptance of an offer of admission a deposit of $4000 is due within 21-days. Please refer to the information on deposits included with your offer. General admission requirements for all Graduate Programs Learn More Request More InformationGraduate Academic Calendar Program and Course DescriptionsVisit Mathematics and StatisticsApply to this Program share tweet save Grad News 2020 Trudeau Foundation Doctoral Scholarships - Call for nominations OGS & QEII-GSST Competition 2020/21 Autism Scholars Award 2020-21 Ontario Women's Health Scholars Awards 2020-21 OGS/QEII-GSST and CGS-M info session - copy of materials More News Future Students FAQ How do I apply? What is the status of my application? I've been accepted. Now what? share tweet save Contact Us University Directory Accessibility News Services for Media UWindsor mobile apps Terms & Conditions Policies Manage UWin Account Emergency Services for Students Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Facebook Follow us on LinkedIn Follow us on Flickr Follow us on Youtube Follow us on Instagram
