http://www.uwindsor.ca/graduate-studies/310/business-administration?elqTrackId=fab07d350b044ac787c498b833593775&elqaid=414&elqat=2
Business Administration | Faculty of Graduate Studies Skip to main content University of Windsor Search Enter the terms you wish to search for. Search Support UWindsor CLOSE QUICK LINKS Current Students Blackboard UWinsite Student Faculty + Staff UWinsite Finance Alumni + Donors Industry + Community Partners Faculty of Graduate Studies About Us Future Students Current Students Faculty & Staff Funding Graduate Calendar About Overview Office of the President Virtual Tour Visitor Information Campus Maps Parking Place of Promise VIEW Magazine Academics Programs Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs International Programs Co-operative Education Continuing Education Support Office of the Registrar Student Awards Office of the Provost Faculties Arts, Humanities, and Social Sciences Law Education Nursing Engineering Business Graduate Studies Human Kinetics Science Research Overview Vice-President, Research & Innovation Research & Innovation Services Research Appointments Research Ethics Research Safety Animal Care Research Finance Leddy Library UWill Discover! EPICentre Student Life Overview UWindsor Events SoCA Concerts & Events Lancers Varsity Sports University Players Athletics + Recreation Services Student Accessibility Services Residence Food Services Student Support Back to Top FUTURE STUDENTS ask.UWindsor MENU ask.UWindsor FUTURE STUDENTS Faculty of Graduate Studies About Us Future Students Current Students Faculty & Staff Funding Graduate Calendar Faculty of Graduate Studies Future Students Future Students Graduate Programs Admission Requirements Tuition Fees Apply Future Students FAQ Future Students Graduate Programs Admission Requirements Tuition Fees Apply Future Students FAQ UWindsor Home Faculty of Graduate Studies Future Students Business Administration Business Administration M.B.A Our Odette Master of Business Administration (MBA) is an intensive program with an integrated curriculum combining lectures, case studies, computer simulations, and real-world client presentations to prepare you for success in the business world. This program is designed to give you a solid grounding in the fundamental areas of commerce, as well as providing up-to-date coverage of the latest business advances. With an Odette MBA, you’ll enjoy a higher return on your educational investment and reap greater career dividends. M.B.A - Professional Accounting Specialization Students with a Bachelor of Commerce degree who have completed the 18 prerequisite courses recognized by CPA Ontario at the Odette School of Business can apply for admission into the Odette Master of Business Administration - Professional Accounting Specialization (MBA-PAS). Graduates of the MBA-PAS who have also successfully completed the 18 pre-requisite courses in the undergraduate degree program receive advance standing in the CPA Professional Education Program (CPA PEP), and enter directly to the Common Final Examination (CFE). This pathway enables students to progress towards a CPA designation and at the same time to complete an MBA degree M.B.A /JD Our renowned faculty, widely published and known on an international level, is committed to engaging students in educational opportunities that are at the forefront of their disciplines. The Odette Master of Business Administration combined with the University of Windsor Juris Doctor Program will prepare you for a successful career in ways no other school does. We prepare future leaders with a program that pushes the boundaries of traditional education, constantly innovating in order to meet the needs of the ever-evolving world of business. In only four years, as opposed to five, ambitious students will successfully earn a career path of choice equipped with a skill set that truly differentiates them from others. We’re proud of our unconventional approach, and the success it has brought our graduates. How to Apply Stage 1: Students must apply and be admitted to both the Faculty of Law and the Faculty of Graduate Studies and Research for admission to the regular degree program in Law and the MBA. To facilitate academic and career planning, it is strongly suggested that these applications be made simultaneously. Stage 2: Students who are accepted to both the MBA and JD programs will be admitted to the integrated program, and will proceed to attend first year in either Faculty. Such students will be granted a deferred admission to the other Faculty in the program. This special deferred admission will be revoked if the applicant’s performance in the first program fails to meet the first-year academic standards of the program. In such a case, the applicant may re-apply for regular admission to the second degree program. Applications will also be considered for entry to the program from candidates who are attending the first year of either the JD or MBA programs. They must meet the admissions requirements and application deadline for the program for which they are seeking entry. For more information, consult the Faculty of Law website Program Specific Admission Requirements Deadline for Fall: November 1 (MBA & MBA/JD) - International Applicant Deadline is April 1 April 30 (MBA-PAS) - Domestic Applicants March 1 (MBA-PAS) - International Applicants Minimum TOEFL: IBT- 100 Minimum IELTS: 7.0 Minimum Pearson: 68 Additional Requirements Letter of Intent and Resume (CV) Offical GMAT Score (520): Verbal 26, Quantitative 30, Analytical Writing 4.0 General admission requirements for all Graduate Programs Scholarships and Funding Learn More Request More Information Graduate Academic Calendar Program and Course Descriptions Visit Business Apply to this Program share tweet save Grad News 2020 Trudeau Foundation Doctoral Scholarships - Call for nominations OGS & QEII-GSST Competition 2020/21 Autism Scholars Award 2020-21 Ontario Women's Health Scholars Awards 2020-21 OGS/QEII-GSST and CGS-M info session - copy of materials More News Future Students FAQ How do I apply? What is the status of my application? I've been accepted. Now what? share tweet save Contact Us University Directory Accessibility News Services for Media UWindsor mobile apps Terms & Conditions Policies Manage UWin Account Emergency Services for Students Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Facebook Follow us on LinkedIn Follow us on Flickr Follow us on Youtube Follow us on Instagram
