http://www.uwindsor.ca/graduate-studies/311/chemistry-and-biochemistry?elqTrackId=f2e100ba44e74d01b75b6912a9369fa0&elqaid=414&elqat=2
Chemistry and Biochemistry | Faculty of Graduate Studies Skip to main content University of Windsor Search Enter the terms you wish to search for. Search Support UWindsor CLOSE QUICK LINKS Current Students Blackboard UWinsite Student Faculty + Staff UWinsite Finance Alumni + Donors Industry + Community Partners Faculty of Graduate Studies About Us Future Students Current Students Faculty & Staff Funding Graduate Calendar About Overview Office of the President Virtual Tour Visitor Information Campus Maps Parking Place of Promise VIEW Magazine Academics Programs Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs International Programs Co-operative Education Continuing Education Support Office of the Registrar Student Awards Office of the Provost Faculties Arts, Humanities, and Social Sciences Law Education Nursing Engineering Business Graduate Studies Human Kinetics Science Research Overview Vice-President, Research & Innovation Research & Innovation Services Research Appointments Research Ethics Research Safety Animal Care Research Finance Leddy Library UWill Discover! EPICentre Student Life Overview UWindsor Events SoCA Concerts & Events Lancers Varsity Sports University Players Athletics + Recreation Services Student Accessibility Services Residence Food Services Student Support Back to Top FUTURE STUDENTS ask.UWindsor MENU ask.UWindsor FUTURE STUDENTS Faculty of Graduate Studies About Us Future Students Current Students Faculty & Staff Funding Graduate Calendar Faculty of Graduate Studies Future Students Future Students Graduate Programs Admission Requirements Tuition Fees Apply Future Students FAQ Future Students Graduate Programs Admission Requirements Tuition Fees Apply Future Students FAQ UWindsor Home Faculty of Graduate Studies Future Students Chemistry and Biochemistry Chemistry and Biochemistry M.Sc in Chemistry and Biochemistry Our department offers comprehensive programs of study in Chemistry and Biochemistry at the Graduate level. Our faculty members have active research programs in a variety of areas, including synthetic inorganic and organic chemistry, materials science, surface science, solid-state chemistry and medical biochemistry. Candidates must complete successfully at least three courses chosen from the available graduate offerings in the student's field or from related and cognate courses, with the approval of the Program Committee. The student may be required to take additional courses, as stipulated by the student's Master's committee. The Master's committee is chosen in the manner described under Master's Program Requirements. The final examination will take the form of an open seminar in the presence of the Master's committee. The examination will be open to the public. Ph.D. in Chemistry and Biochemistry Students in the Ph.D. program will be required to complete an oral comprehensive examination within the first twelve months following admission into the Ph.D. program. The examination will take the form of a ten to a twenty-minute presentation of the student's research work to date, followed by a question and answer session in which the student's depth of knowledge of the field of research and the underlying chemical and/or biochemical principles will be examined. Each candidate will take a final oral examination in defense of the dissertation on the recommendation of the doctoral committee. Sample Research Areas of Interest Organic and nano-materials Computational chemistry Supramolecular chemistry Solid-state NMR Polymer chemistry Inorganic chemistry Program Specific Admission Requirements Deadline for Fall: July 1 Deadline for Winter: November 1 Deadline for Summer: March 1 Minimum TOEFL: IBT- 83 Minimum IELTS: 6.5 Minimum Pearson: 65 Additional Requirements Graduate Record Examination (GRE) is required for applicants graduating from universities outside North America General admission requirements for all Graduate Programs Scholarships and Funding Learn More Request More Information Graduate Academic Calendar Program and Course Descriptions Visit Chemistry and Biochemistry Apply to this Program share tweet save Grad News 2020 Trudeau Foundation Doctoral Scholarships - Call for nominations OGS & QEII-GSST Competition 2020/21 Autism Scholars Award 2020-21 Ontario Women's Health Scholars Awards 2020-21 OGS/QEII-GSST and CGS-M info session - copy of materials More News Future Students FAQ How do I apply? What is the status of my application? I've been accepted. Now what? share tweet save Contact Us University Directory Accessibility News Services for Media UWindsor mobile apps Terms & Conditions Policies Manage UWin Account Emergency Services for Students Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Facebook Follow us on LinkedIn Follow us on Flickr Follow us on Youtube Follow us on Instagram
