http://www.uwindsor.ca/graduate-studies/318/education?elqTrackId=a7c5672a3ce248ab80c10166a0ad933c&elqaid=414&elqat=2
Education and Educational Studies | Faculty of Graduate Studies Skip to main content University of Windsor Search Enter the terms you wish to search for. Search Support UWindsor CLOSE QUICK LINKS Current Students Blackboard UWinsite Student Faculty + Staff UWinsite Finance Alumni + Donors Industry + Community Partners Faculty of Graduate Studies About Us Future Students Current Students Faculty & Staff Funding Graduate Calendar About Overview Office of the President Virtual Tour Visitor Information Campus Maps Parking Place of Promise VIEW Magazine Academics Programs Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs International Programs Co-operative Education Continuing Education Support Office of the Registrar Student Awards Office of the Provost Faculties Arts, Humanities, and Social Sciences Law Education Nursing Engineering Business Graduate Studies Human Kinetics Science Research Overview Vice-President, Research & Innovation Research & Innovation Services Research Appointments Research Ethics Research Safety Animal Care Research Finance Leddy Library UWill Discover! EPICentre Student Life Overview UWindsor Events SoCA Concerts & Events Lancers Varsity Sports University Players Athletics + Recreation Services Student Accessibility Services Residence Food Services Student Support Back to Top FUTURE STUDENTS ask.UWindsor MENU ask.UWindsor FUTURE STUDENTS Faculty of Graduate Studies About Us Future Students Current Students Faculty & Staff Funding Graduate Calendar Faculty of Graduate Studies Future Students Future Students Graduate Programs Admission Requirements Tuition Fees Apply Future Students FAQ Future Students Graduate Programs Admission Requirements Tuition Fees Apply Future Students FAQ UWindsor Home Faculty of Graduate Studies Future Students Education and Educational Studies Education and Educational Studies M.Ed Our Master of Education program is taught by a highly diverse faculty team that strives to enhance each student’s professional and scholarly growth. Our program is specially designed for those students interested in exploring and understanding issues of equity, diversity, and social justice. As this is a research degree, you will find yourself challenged and inspired throughout the entire course track of your program to be a knowledgeable producer and consumer of research literature in each concentration. As a mid-sized campus, we pride ourselves in our ability to offer our students a one-of-a-kind learning experience, with small to moderate class sizes and personal attention from each of our devoted faculty members. We are proud to offer our students a strongly innovative program which will enrich their learning experience here at the University of Windsor. Areas of Specialization Curriculum studies Educational administration Second Language Acquisition, Culture and Society (SLACS) M.Ed International Cohort This course-based program will enable you to examine philosophical orientations, conceptual frameworks, and research methodologies relevant to the study of Canadian Education. The program objectives will be accomplished through the completion of nine courses followed by the capstone course, the Research Internship. A distinguishing feature of the International Cohort M. Ed. is the Educational Research Internship. The Internship will take place in collaboration with school board, college, university, and selected community organization leaders. It presents students with authentic assessment tasks that situates their on-going inquiries in a context that enables them to apply and further critique what has been learned previously. Individually or as part of a two or three person research team, students will engage in matters pertaining to research, program review, policy development, and so on, as appropriate. The spectrum of projects may, for example, address questions aimed at the improvement of literacy and numeracy skills, student motivation, curriculum integration, and leadership development. Areas of Specialization (same as above) Curriculum studies Educational administration Second Language Acquisition, Culture and Society (SLACS) Ph.D. We are committed to methodological advances in educational research and the integration of theory and practice. We nurture our students as developing scholars and leaders in faculties of education, school systems, and other institutional settings, thereby contributing to the growth of research and scholarship in Canada and internationally. We promote professional development through collaboration among scholars, practitioners, educational institutions, and faculties of education, thus fostering links between schools and universities, and promoting partnerships locally, nationally, and internationally. We are committed to excellence in our students and faculty and to producing graduates who are life long learners. The Joint Ph.D. in Educational Studies is offered by Brock University, Lakehead University, and the University of Windsor. Areas of Specialization Policy and Leadership Social/Cultural/Political Contexts of Education Cognition and Learning Program highlights Individualized plan of study Multiple approaches to course delivery Site-based, rotation across home universities Distance Education (computer literacy required) Inter-university teams of instructors and supervisory committees Comprehensive portfolio - an innovative personalized approach to comprehensive examinations Flexible residency requirements - four terms (two consecutive) Unique opportunities for collaboration and networking Full time studies or a combination of full time and part time studies Program Specific Admission Requirements (M.Ed & Ph.d) Deadline for Fall: M.Ed - July 1 (International Applicants must apply by January 1) Ph.d - November 15 Deadline for Winter: M.Ed - December 1 (International Applicants must apply by April 1) Minimum IELTS: 7 Minimum Pearson: 68 Program Specific Admission Requirements (M.Ed International Cohort) Deadline for Fall: March 1 Minimum TOEFL: 250, IBT- 100 Minimum Pearson: 68 Minimum IELTS: 7 Students admitted to the MEd program (International cohort) are required to attend the mandatory Pre-Graduate Preparatory Program (PPP) prior to the start of their academic studies. Review details on the Faculty of Education website. Upon acceptance of an offer of admission a deposit of $4000 is due within 21-days. Please refer to the information on deposits included with your offer. Additional Requirements Applicants must submit a Statement of Objectives and the Area of Concentration selection form. Refer to departmental supplement for details. Three Referee Assessment Forms are also required (at least one academic). General admission requirements for all Graduate Programs Scholarships and Funding Learn More Request More InformationGraduate Academic Calendar Program and Course DescriptionsVisit EducationApply to this Program share tweet save Grad News 2020 Trudeau Foundation Doctoral Scholarships - Call for nominations OGS & QEII-GSST Competition 2020/21 Autism Scholars Award 2020-21 Ontario Women's Health Scholars Awards 2020-21 OGS/QEII-GSST and CGS-M info session - copy of materials More News Future Students FAQ How do I apply? What is the status of my application? I've been accepted. Now what? share tweet save Contact Us University Directory Accessibility News Services for Media UWindsor mobile apps Terms & Conditions Policies Manage UWin Account Emergency Services for Students Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Facebook Follow us on LinkedIn Follow us on Flickr Follow us on Youtube Follow us on Instagram
