http://www.uwindsor.ca/graduate-studies/322/engineering-materials?elqTrackId=5c1c23bd20ce417ba4264afa41841c0f&elqaid=414&elqat=2
Engineering Materials | Faculty of Graduate Studies Skip to main content University of Windsor Search Enter the terms you wish to search for. Search Support UWindsor CLOSE QUICK LINKS Current Students Blackboard UWinsite Student Faculty + Staff UWinsite Finance Alumni + Donors Industry + Community Partners Faculty of Graduate Studies About Us Future Students Current Students Faculty & Staff Funding Graduate Calendar About Overview Office of the President Virtual Tour Visitor Information Campus Maps Parking Place of Promise VIEW Magazine Academics Programs Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs International Programs Co-operative Education Continuing Education Support Office of the Registrar Student Awards Office of the Provost Faculties Arts, Humanities, and Social Sciences Law Education Nursing Engineering Business Graduate Studies Human Kinetics Science Research Overview Vice-President, Research & Innovation Research & Innovation Services Research Appointments Research Ethics Research Safety Animal Care Research Finance Leddy Library UWill Discover! EPICentre Student Life Overview UWindsor Events SoCA Concerts & Events Lancers Varsity Sports University Players Athletics + Recreation Services Student Accessibility Services Residence Food Services Student Support Back to Top FUTURE STUDENTS ask.UWindsor MENU ask.UWindsor FUTURE STUDENTS Faculty of Graduate Studies About Us Future Students Current Students Faculty & Staff Funding Graduate Calendar Faculty of Graduate Studies Future Students Future Students Graduate Programs Admission Requirements Tuition Fees Apply Future Students FAQ Future Students Graduate Programs Admission Requirements Tuition Fees Apply Future Students FAQ UWindsor Home Faculty of Graduate Studies Future Students Engineering Materials Engineering Materials MASc The MASc is a research-based program in which you complete four graduate level courses and a thesis. You will need an advisor and will conduct research under your advisor’s supervision. This program is designed to be completed in two years. Scholarships and graduate assistantships are available by application. Continuation of your education is possible with this degree. MEng An MEng Degree may be awarded upon successful completion of a total of eight courses (the MEng has no research component/thesis/work with a faculty supervisor). Of these eight courses: Four courses must be from the student's department (major; materials) Plus four required courses to be taken in the first or second semester of the program: Computational Methods and Modeling for Engineering Applications; Engineering Technical Communications; Engineering Mathematics; and Engineering Project Management Co-op program is optional and students must apply for admission in their first study term. No funding or scholarships are available. Please also review the MEng website for a note regarding admissions PhD An applicant for admission to a course of graduate studies leading to the PhD degree in engineering must normally be a graduate of a recognized university with a research-based master's degree in engineering or applied science. Applicants with degrees in related fields will be considered but will normally require strengthening of their background in engineering. At the discretion of the Program Graduate Committee, Graduate Record Examinations (GRE) may be required. The Engineering Materials graduate program recognizes the close relationship between advanced level education and the advancement of knowledge, and is committed to excellence in graduate teaching and research. An emphasis on fundamental scientific research and strong research collaborations with industry characterize our programs. Research Research work carried out in the program can be classified under the general field of Materials Science and Engineering. This reflects the holistic approach that we have taken whereby we build upon a firm base of scientific research (materials science) and apply it to the development of new or improved materials and processes (materials engineering). Research is concentrated on the following aspects of materials: Physical Mechanical Tribological Chemical Processing Program Specific Admission Requirements Deadline for Fall: M.A.Sc., Ph.D: April 1 MEng: Please review the MEng website for admission availablity Deadline for Winter: M.A.Sc., Ph.D: August 1 MEng: Please review the MEng website for admission availablity Deadline for Summer: M.A.Sc., Ph.D: December 1 MEng: Please review the MEng website for admission availablity Minimum TOEFL: M.A.Sc., Ph.D.: IBT-83 MEng: IBT-92 Minimum IELTS: 6.5 Minimum Pearson: 65 Additional Requirements Resume/CV Research Interest The GRE is recommended for students graduating from Universities outside of North America. GRE is not required for M.Eng applicants Additional Requirements (MEng only) Non-Consolidated Academic Transcript Backlog Certificate Resume/CV Upon acceptance of an offer of admission a deposit of $4000 is due within 21-days. Please refer to the information on deposits included with your offer. General admission requirements for all Graduate Programs Scholarships and Funding (research based programs only) Learn More Request More Information Graduate Academic Calendar Program and Course Descriptions Visit Mechanical, Automotive, and Materials Engineering Apply to this Program share tweet save Grad News 2020 Trudeau Foundation Doctoral Scholarships - Call for nominations OGS & QEII-GSST Competition 2020/21 Autism Scholars Award 2020-21 Ontario Women's Health Scholars Awards 2020-21 OGS/QEII-GSST and CGS-M info session - copy of materials More News Future Students FAQ How do I apply? What is the status of my application? I've been accepted. Now what? share tweet save Contact Us University Directory Accessibility News Services for Media UWindsor mobile apps Terms & Conditions Policies Manage UWin Account Emergency Services for Students Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Facebook Follow us on LinkedIn Follow us on Flickr Follow us on Youtube Follow us on Instagram
