http://www.uwindsor.ca/graduate-studies/324/environmental-engineering?elqTrackId=0b3a09d5e3d142bf833006b4ebc4b3dc&elqaid=414&elqat=2
Environmental Engineering | Faculty of Graduate Studies Skip to main content University of Windsor Search Enter the terms you wish to search for. Search Support UWindsor CLOSE QUICK LINKS Current Students Blackboard UWinsite Student Faculty + Staff UWinsite Finance Alumni + Donors Industry + Community Partners Faculty of Graduate Studies About Us Future Students Current Students Faculty & Staff Funding Graduate Calendar About Overview Office of the President Virtual Tour Visitor Information Campus Maps Parking Place of Promise VIEW Magazine Academics Programs Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs International Programs Co-operative Education Continuing Education Support Office of the Registrar Student Awards Office of the Provost Faculties Arts, Humanities, and Social Sciences Law Education Nursing Engineering Business Graduate Studies Human Kinetics Science Research Overview Vice-President, Research & Innovation Research & Innovation Services Research Appointments Research Ethics Research Safety Animal Care Research Finance Leddy Library UWill Discover! EPICentre Student Life Overview UWindsor Events SoCA Concerts & Events Lancers Varsity Sports University Players Athletics + Recreation Services Student Accessibility Services Residence Food Services Student Support Back to Top FUTURE STUDENTS ask.UWindsor MENU ask.UWindsor FUTURE STUDENTS Faculty of Graduate Studies About Us Future Students Current Students Faculty & Staff Funding Graduate Calendar Faculty of Graduate Studies Future Students Future Students Graduate Programs Admission Requirements Tuition Fees Apply Future Students FAQ Future Students Graduate Programs Admission Requirements Tuition Fees Apply Future Students FAQ UWindsor Home Faculty of Graduate Studies Future Students Environmental Engineering Environmental Engineering MASc The MASc is a research-based program in which you complete four graduate level courses and a thesis. You will need an advisor and will conduct research under your advisor’s supervision. This program is designed to be completed in two years. Scholarships and graduate assistantships are available by application. Continuation of your education is possible with this degree. A major paper option is also available. You will take eight courses and will conduct less advanced research resulting in a Major Paper over approximately two years. MEng An MEng Degree may be awarded upon successful completion of a total of eight courses (the MEng has no research component/thesis/work with a faculty supervisor). Of these eight courses: Five courses must be from the student's department (major; environmental) Plus three required courses: Engineering Technical Communications, Engineering Mathematics and Engineering Project Management (to be taken in the first or second semester of the program) Co-op program is optional and students must apply for admission in their first study term. No funding or scholarships are available. Please also review the MEng website for a note regarding admissions PhD An applicant for admission to graduate studies leading to the PhD degree in Environmental engineering must normally be a graduate of a recognized university with a master's degree in applied science (MASc) or the equivalent. Applicants with degrees in related fields will be considered but will normally require strengthening of their background in Environmental engineering. Our objective is to attract the best students and to educate them in the rigors of scientific research. We provide a scholarly and dynamic environment with attention to scientific discipline, detail and accuracy. Areas of Specialization Geotechnical: Major equipment is available to measure triaxial compression, direct shear, unconfined compression, compaction and bearing ratio on soils and subgrades. A cold room with a computer data acquisition system for measuring the load/deformation characteristics of soil-structure interactions is used for cold region engineering. Hydraulics: Two hydraulic laboratories are equipped with three flumes for analysis of unidirectional flow, including one tilting flume, one wave flume and one scour basin. Equipment is available for detailed measurements of flow velocity and turbulence, water, surface and bed surface profiling. Structures: State-of-the-art equipment facilities are available in the Structures Laboratory to meet the research needs of graduate and undergraduate students. A one-dimensional shaking table, a computer-controlled fatigue-testing machine, and a high-capacity reaction floor for large-scale structural tests are among the key facilities used by graduate students. The research group in structures also maintains high-end computers and a range of finite-element analysis packages for student training. Transportation: The Transportation Systems Innovation (TSI) laboratory provides opportunities for training and higher education in transportation. The TSI lab features eight professional LCD TVs to display and analyze traffic in real-timefrom traffic cameras. The lab also has high-end computerfacilities, including a server, desktops and workstations, a large-format scanner and a printer. The lab also houses a partial-cab research driving simulator to observe driver behaviour under various driving and traffic conditions. Environmental: Our environmental engineering laboratories are equipped with state-of-the-art instruments which are capable of analyzing physical, chemical and biological contaminants in any matrix, including water, wastewater, air and soil. Undergraduate and graduate research laboratories boast state-of-the-art equipment. Program Specific Admission Requirements Deadline for Fall: M.A.Sc., Ph.D: July 1 MEng: Please review the MEng website for admission availablity Deadline for Winter: M.A.Sc., Ph.D: November 1 MEng: Please review the MEng website for admission availablity Deadline for Summer: M.A.Sc., Ph.D: March 1 MEng: Please review the MEng website for admission availablity Minimum TOEFL: M.A.Sc., Ph.D.: IBT-83 MEng: IBT-92 Minimum IELTS: 6.5 Minimum Pearson: 65 Additional Requirements Statement of Research Interests and Goals Additional Requirements (MEng only) Non-Consolidated Academic Transcript Backlog Certificate Resume/CV Upon acceptance of an offer of admission a deposit of $4000 is due within 21-days. Please refer to the information on deposits included with your offer. General admission requirements for all Graduate Programs Scholarships and Funding (research based programs only) Learn More Request More Information Graduate Academic Calendar Program and Course Descriptions Visit Civil and Environmental Engineering Apply to this Program share tweet save Grad News 2020 Trudeau Foundation Doctoral Scholarships - Call for nominations OGS & QEII-GSST Competition 2020/21 Autism Scholars Award 2020-21 Ontario Women's Health Scholars Awards 2020-21 OGS/QEII-GSST and CGS-M info session - copy of materials More News Future Students FAQ How do I apply? What is the status of my application? I've been accepted. Now what? share tweet save Contact Us University Directory Accessibility News Services for Media UWindsor mobile apps Terms & Conditions Policies Manage UWin Account Emergency Services for Students Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Facebook Follow us on LinkedIn Follow us on Flickr Follow us on Youtube Follow us on Instagram
