http://www.uwindsor.ca/graduate-studies/325/environmental-science?elqTrackId=3800a6355ad444b0a4b7b514a50de304&elqaid=414&elqat=2
Environmental Science | Faculty of Graduate Studies Skip to main content University of Windsor Search Enter the terms you wish to search for. Search Support UWindsor CLOSE QUICK LINKS Current Students Blackboard UWinsite Student Faculty + Staff UWinsite Finance Alumni + Donors Industry + Community Partners Faculty of Graduate Studies About Us Future Students Current Students Faculty & Staff Funding Graduate Calendar About Overview Office of the President Virtual Tour Visitor Information Campus Maps Parking Place of Promise VIEW Magazine Academics Programs Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs International Programs Co-operative Education Continuing Education Support Office of the Registrar Student Awards Office of the Provost Faculties Arts, Humanities, and Social Sciences Law Education Nursing Engineering Business Graduate Studies Human Kinetics Science Research Overview Vice-President, Research & Innovation Research & Innovation Services Research Appointments Research Ethics Research Safety Animal Care Research Finance Leddy Library UWill Discover! EPICentre Student Life Overview UWindsor Events SoCA Concerts & Events Lancers Varsity Sports University Players Athletics + Recreation Services Student Accessibility Services Residence Food Services Student Support Back to Top FUTURE STUDENTS ask.UWindsor MENU ask.UWindsor FUTURE STUDENTS Faculty of Graduate Studies About Us Future Students Current Students Faculty & Staff Funding Graduate Calendar Faculty of Graduate Studies Future Students Future Students Graduate Programs Admission Requirements Tuition Fees Apply Future Students FAQ Future Students Graduate Programs Admission Requirements Tuition Fees Apply Future Students FAQ UWindsor Home Faculty of Graduate Studies Future Students Environmental Science Environmental Science M.Sc Our two-year MSc program offers research opportunities that help develop advanced laboratory and field skills using the institute’s multi-disciplinary approach. Students register in courses and seminars designed to guide them in their research efforts. Additionally, our program leads to the completion of a thesis defense and work submitted for publication at its conclusion. Ph.D. Our PhD program is intended for those who want to further their research in a specialized and independent way. Our PhD students look for solutions to the major issues that are stressing the environment. Similarly to the MSc program, students complete courses and seminars, collaborate with other scientists, and present, publish, and defend their dissertation. About GLIER (Great Lakes Institute for Environmental Research) The Environmental Science program is offered through GLIER and is the only graduate program in North America that focuses explicitly on stressors in large aquatic systems and their watersheds, such as the Great Lakes. Our program is focused, well funded, high-impact, and has a growing international reputation for excellence in our chosen field of research. With the cumulative impacts of human-induced change steadily increasing, research in the environmental field is becoming even more important. With plentiful funding in recent years, researchers at GLIER study the effects of environmental stressors on large watersheds, using the institute’s 19 fully equipped laboratories, many meeting rooms, and its private launch along the Detroit River for its research boats. At GLIER, our ultimate goal is training the environmental stewards of the future. In our tri-level facility, we house lab and equipment for aquatic research, advanced microscopy and materials characterization and environmental genomics. More information on our core facilities can be found at www.uwindsor.ca/glier/facilities Research at GLIER Under the directorship of Dr. Michael McKay, GLIER's eleven faculty, two emeriti and six hybrid members: Have been awarded more than $40 million in funding since 2013 Hold 4 active Canada Research Chairs Are recipients of three Early Researcher Awards Include a Fellow in the Royal Society of Canada. GLIER researchers have been featured in the Washington Post, Chicago Tribune, Maclean’s, Globe and Mail, National Post, and on CNN, Discovery Channel, and CBC television and radio. Program Specific Admission Requirements Deadline for Fall: July 1 Deadline for Winter: November 1 Deadline for May: March 1 Minimum TOEFL: IBT-83 Minimum IELTS: 6.5 Minimum Pearson: 65 Additional Requirements Statement of Research Interest (500 words) GRE is strongly recommended for students graduating from Universities outside of North America. Two references are required for the M.Sc. Three references are required for the Ph.D. General admission requirements for all Graduate Programs Scholarships and Funding Learn More Request More Information Graduate Academic Calendar Program and Course DescriptionsVisit GLIERApply to this Program share tweet save Grad News 2020 Trudeau Foundation Doctoral Scholarships - Call for nominations OGS & QEII-GSST Competition 2020/21 Autism Scholars Award 2020-21 Ontario Women's Health Scholars Awards 2020-21 OGS/QEII-GSST and CGS-M info session - copy of materials More News Future Students FAQ How do I apply? What is the status of my application? I've been accepted. Now what? share tweet save Contact Us University Directory Accessibility News Services for Media UWindsor mobile apps Terms & Conditions Policies Manage UWin Account Emergency Services for Students Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Facebook Follow us on LinkedIn Follow us on Flickr Follow us on Youtube Follow us on Instagram
