http://www.uwindsor.ca/graduate-studies/334/mathematics-and-statistics?elqTrackId=13e3a8f1167d42d8af914380f2a34a98&elqaid=414&elqat=2
Mathematics and Statistics | Faculty of Graduate Studies Skip to main content University of Windsor Search Enter the terms you wish to search for. Search Support UWindsor CLOSE QUICK LINKS Current Students Blackboard UWinsite Student Faculty + Staff UWinsite Finance Alumni + Donors Industry + Community Partners Faculty of Graduate Studies About Us Future Students Current Students Faculty & Staff Funding Graduate Calendar About Overview Office of the President Virtual Tour Visitor Information Campus Maps Parking Place of Promise VIEW Magazine Academics Programs Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs International Programs Co-operative Education Continuing Education Support Office of the Registrar Student Awards Office of the Provost Faculties Arts, Humanities, and Social Sciences Law Education Nursing Engineering Business Graduate Studies Human Kinetics Science Research Overview Vice-President, Research & Innovation Research & Innovation Services Research Appointments Research Ethics Research Safety Animal Care Research Finance Leddy Library UWill Discover! EPICentre Student Life Overview UWindsor Events SoCA Concerts & Events Lancers Varsity Sports University Players Athletics + Recreation Services Student Accessibility Services Residence Food Services Student Support Back to Top FUTURE STUDENTS ask.UWindsor MENU ask.UWindsor FUTURE STUDENTS Faculty of Graduate Studies About Us Future Students Current Students Faculty & Staff Funding Graduate Calendar Faculty of Graduate Studies Future Students Future Students Graduate Programs Admission Requirements Tuition Fees Apply Future Students FAQ Future Students Graduate Programs Admission Requirements Tuition Fees Apply Future Students FAQ UWindsor Home Faculty of Graduate Studies Future Students Mathematics and Statistics Mathematics and Statistics M.Sc Graduate courses at the Department of Mathematics and Statistics are offered in a large range of topics in mathematics, statistics, probability, optimization, and actuarial sciences. The research interests of faculty members cover a broad spectrum of areas of theoretical and applied mathematics. The objective of our program is to prepare students for multiple career choices, as well as preparing them for the PhD programs in mathematics and statistics. Ph.D. Graduate courses are offered in diverse areas of mathematics, statistics, and optimization, helping students to acquire the foundation needed to embark on research leading to a PhD dissertation. The department is known for its small class sizes, supportive atmosphere and accessibility of faculty. At the same time, the faculty are engaged in vigorous research programs. The department sponsors numerous colloquia, and supports several visiting scholars. State-of-the-art computing facilities are also available for the use of our students which have access to the high performance computing facility of SHARCNET area network. Faculty Research Interests - Mathematics Optimization Semidefinite programming Distance geometry Operational research Functional analysis Abstract harmonic analysis Operator algebras Functional equations Number theory Representation theory Homological algebra Category O Combinational aspects of representation theory. Faculty Research Interests - Statistics Biostatistics Sequential analysis Finite mixture models Survival analysis Health outcomes Statistical inference Stochastic processes Asymptotic theory Queuing theory Applied probability Operational research. Program Specific Admission Requirements Deadline for Fall: April 1 In order to be considered for financial assistance from the department or from the Faculty of Gradate Studies, all domestic and international students are advised to submit their completed application package online by April 1st. Domestic candidates may submit applications beyond the April 1 deadline, however there is no guarantee they will be reviewed in time for funding considerations. Note: Department will only review applications that are complete. Documents such as transcripts, English test scores and letters of recommendations must be submitted before an application can be reviewed. Minimum TOEFL: IBT-83 Minimum IELTS: 6.5 Minimum Pearson: 65 Additional Requirements Applicants must submit both undergraduate and Master's degree transcripts. Applicants are required to complete a Research Interest Statement Form available from the Mathematics and Statistics webpage A list of courses taken in mathematics or statistics - do not include syllabus General admission requirements for all Graduate Programs Scholarships and Funding Learn More Request More Information Graduate Academic Calendar Program and Course DescriptionsVisit Mathematics and StatisticsApply to this Program share tweet save Grad News 2020 Trudeau Foundation Doctoral Scholarships - Call for nominations OGS & QEII-GSST Competition 2020/21 Autism Scholars Award 2020-21 Ontario Women's Health Scholars Awards 2020-21 OGS/QEII-GSST and CGS-M info session - copy of materials More News Future Students FAQ How do I apply? What is the status of my application? I've been accepted. Now what? share tweet save Contact Us University Directory Accessibility News Services for Media UWindsor mobile apps Terms & Conditions Policies Manage UWin Account Emergency Services for Students Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Facebook Follow us on LinkedIn Follow us on Flickr Follow us on Youtube Follow us on Instagram
