http://www.uwindsor.ca/graduate-studies/337/nursing?elqTrackId=ad022c3858204c36a9d459d7c3e84ad8&elqaid=414&elqat=2
Nursing | Faculty of Graduate Studies Skip to main content University of Windsor Search Enter the terms you wish to search for. Search Support UWindsor CLOSE QUICK LINKS Current Students Blackboard UWinsite Student Faculty + Staff UWinsite Finance Alumni + Donors Industry + Community Partners Faculty of Graduate Studies About Us Future Students Current Students Faculty & Staff Funding Graduate Calendar About Overview Office of the President Virtual Tour Visitor Information Campus Maps Parking Place of Promise VIEW Magazine Academics Programs Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs International Programs Co-operative Education Continuing Education Support Office of the Registrar Student Awards Office of the Provost Faculties Arts, Humanities, and Social Sciences Law Education Nursing Engineering Business Graduate Studies Human Kinetics Science Research Overview Vice-President, Research & Innovation Research & Innovation Services Research Appointments Research Ethics Research Safety Animal Care Research Finance Leddy Library UWill Discover! EPICentre Student Life Overview UWindsor Events SoCA Concerts & Events Lancers Varsity Sports University Players Athletics + Recreation Services Student Accessibility Services Residence Food Services Student Support Back to Top FUTURE STUDENTS ask.UWindsor MENU ask.UWindsor FUTURE STUDENTS Faculty of Graduate Studies About Us Future Students Current Students Faculty & Staff Funding Graduate Calendar Faculty of Graduate Studies Future Students Future Students Graduate Programs Admission Requirements Tuition Fees Apply Future Students FAQ Future Students Graduate Programs Admission Requirements Tuition Fees Apply Future Students FAQ UWindsor Home Faculty of Graduate Studies Future Students Nursing Nursing MScN In the Advanced Clinical Nursing field students will explore the human experience of health, well-being, illness and healing within the context of individuals, families, groups and communities. Selected concepts such as health promotion, illness prevention, stress appraisal, and coping resources will be examined through critical appraisal of the literature in nursing and related disciplines. Students will have the opportunity to develop evidence-based knowledge and skills required to manage the complex health needs of Canada’s multicultural population through health promotion and illness prevention or adaptation to illness and injury. In the Nursing Leadership field students will explore concepts of contemporary nursing leadership in management, research and education. Students will critically appraise and synthesize a variety of educational, environmental, and political issues that influence the Canadian health care system. Students will have the opportunity to develop skills necessary to impact policy and decision-making relevant to the profession of nursing, in particular, and the health care system in general. The Master of Science in Nursing (MScN) is a thesis - based degree program, and has two specialization/field options: Advanced Clinical Practice Nursing Field and Nursing Leadership Field. MN In the Advanced Clinical Nursing field students will explore the human experience of health, well-being, illness and healing within the context of individuals, families, groups and communities. Selected concepts such as health promotion, illness prevention, stress appraisal, and coping resources will be examined through critical appraisal of the literature in nursing and related disciplines. Students will have the opportunity to develop evidence-based knowledge and skills required to manage the complex health needs of Canada’s multicultural population through health promotion and illness prevention or adaptation to illness and injury. In the Nursing Leadership field students will explore concepts of contemporary nursing leadership in management, research and education. Students will critically appraise and synthesize a variety of educational, environmental, and political issues that influence the Canadian health care system. Students will have the opportunity to develop skills necessary to impact policy and decision-making relevant to the profession of nursing, in particular, and the health care system in general In the primary health care nurse practitioner field, students will be prepared to provide collaborative and autonomous primary health care to individuals, groups or communities, with an emphasize on health promotion as well as illness/injury prevention. Students will develop advanced assessment, diagnostic and clinical reasoning skills in preparation for ordering and interpreting diagnostic tests, communicating diagnoses, prescribing pharmaceuticals, and performing other specific controlled procedures. PhD The PhD program, focusing on health outcomes and health services research, will involve four years of full -time study. It will combine coursework, comprehensive exams and a dissertation. This program will prepare graduates to assume leadership roles in academic and practice settings. Research and scholarly activities will prepare graduates to contribute to nursing practice, the design and delivery of health care, and policy development. The PhD program will normally involve four years of full - time study consisting of course work (most of it in Year 1). The dissertation requires independent, original research and makes up at least two thirds of the time normally required for the program. Graduate Diploma in Advanced Practice Oncology/Palliative Care Note: admissions for this program are suspended as of Fall 2017 Graduate Diploma - Primary Health Care Nurse Practitioner This program is only for students who have a completed BScN (or equivalent nursing degree, e.g. BN, etc.), with a current Registered Nurse (RN) status, and a completed a Master's degree (Nursing or health related degree preferred). Program Specific Admission Requirements Deadline for Fall: M.Sc.N., M.N., M.N. (Primary Health Care Nurse Practitioner) and Graduate Diploma in Primary Health Care Nurse Practitioner: February 1 Graduate Diploma in Advanced Practice Oncology/Palliative Care: suspended Minimum TOEFL: IBT-100 Minimum IELTS: 7.0 Minimum Pearson: 68 Minimum CELBAN: Writing 7, Speaking 8, Listening 10, Reading 8 Additional Requirements Submit documentation as instructed by the Faculty of Nursing General admission requirements for all Graduate Programs Scholarships and Funding Learn More Request More Information Graduate Academic Calendar Program and Course Descriptions Visit NursingApply to this Program share tweet save Grad News 2020 Trudeau Foundation Doctoral Scholarships - Call for nominations OGS & QEII-GSST Competition 2020/21 Autism Scholars Award 2020-21 Ontario Women's Health Scholars Awards 2020-21 OGS/QEII-GSST and CGS-M info session - copy of materials More News Future Students FAQ How do I apply? What is the status of my application? I've been accepted. Now what? share tweet save Contact Us University Directory Accessibility News Services for Media UWindsor mobile apps Terms & Conditions Policies Manage UWin Account Emergency Services for Students Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Facebook Follow us on LinkedIn Follow us on Flickr Follow us on Youtube Follow us on Instagram
