http://www.uwindsor.ca/graduate-studies/339/physics?elqTrackId=3580f09e0f35421190c6ee7bc2464ed3&elqaid=414&elqat=2
Physics | Faculty of Graduate Studies Skip to main content University of Windsor Search Enter the terms you wish to search for. Search Support UWindsor CLOSE QUICK LINKS Current Students Blackboard UWinsite Student Faculty + Staff UWinsite Finance Alumni + Donors Industry + Community Partners Faculty of Graduate Studies About Us Future Students Current Students Faculty & Staff Funding Graduate Calendar About Overview Office of the President Virtual Tour Visitor Information Campus Maps Parking Place of Promise VIEW Magazine Academics Programs Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs International Programs Co-operative Education Continuing Education Support Office of the Registrar Student Awards Office of the Provost Faculties Arts, Humanities, and Social Sciences Law Education Nursing Engineering Business Graduate Studies Human Kinetics Science Research Overview Vice-President, Research & Innovation Research & Innovation Services Research Appointments Research Ethics Research Safety Animal Care Research Finance Leddy Library UWill Discover! EPICentre Student Life Overview UWindsor Events SoCA Concerts & Events Lancers Varsity Sports University Players Athletics + Recreation Services Student Accessibility Services Residence Food Services Student Support Back to Top FUTURE STUDENTS ask.UWindsor MENU ask.UWindsor FUTURE STUDENTS Faculty of Graduate Studies About Us Future Students Current Students Faculty & Staff Funding Graduate Calendar Faculty of Graduate Studies Future Students Future Students Graduate Programs Admission Requirements Tuition Fees Apply Future Students FAQ Future Students Graduate Programs Admission Requirements Tuition Fees Apply Future Students FAQ UWindsor Home Faculty of Graduate Studies Future Students Physics Physics M.Sc The objective of the M.Sc. program is to immerse students in the excitement of original discovery, and to further develop their analytic skills and powers of critical thought. The degree provides academic courses and research opportunities to educate students in advanced physics; it provides a solid foundation for those who choose to continue their studies at the PhD level. Students who pursue a career outside the academic sector after obtaining an MSc have been trained in problem solving and research methods, computation and advanced mathematics, and communication skills; they can utilize their technical skills and insights in a diverse range of careers. Ph.D. The objective of the Ph.D. program is to immerse students in the excitement of original discovery, and bring them to an internationally competitive level of achievement. The program is designed to provide a broad knowledge of Physics and training in techniques of physics research, as well as training in the art of scientific communication. Students are fostered to operate with autonomy in analyzing scientific work and in setting research objectives, with the ultimate goal being for them to thrive as independent researchers. Research Interests Atomic, molecular, and optical (AMO) physics Materials science Biomedical physics Program Specific Admission Requirements Deadline for Fall: February 1 - Canadian Citizens and Permanent Residents (later applications will be accepted on a first come, first served basis) February 1 - International applicants (later applications will not be accepted) Application deadlines are for the receipt of complete applications, including letters of reference. Please allow yourself and your referees enough time to complete the application. Applicants who wish to apply to external scholarships should complete their applications earlier: December 1st for domestic applicants, January 1st for international applicants. Minimum Admission Requirements Master’s Program (M2 and M1): Minimum Cumulative Grade Point Average (CGPA) of 75% in the last 2 years of full-time study. Possession of minimum required CGPA does not ensure admission. The actual admitting average varies and is competitive. International Applicants: Minimum TOEFL: IBT-83 Minimum IELTS: 6.5 Minimum Pearson: 65 A Graduate Record Examination (GRE) Advanced Physics Test score is helpful to the Admissions Committee to evaluate your application more completely. Doctoral Program: Minimum CGPA of 75% in the last 2 years of full-time study including all graduate courses. Possession of minimum required CGPA does not ensure admission. The actual admitting average varies and is competitive. International Applicants: Minimum TOEFL: IBT-83 Minimum IELTS: 6.5 Minimum Pearson: 65 A Graduate Record Examination (GRE) Advanced Physics Test score is helpful to the Admissions Committee to evaluate your application more completely. General admission requirements for all Graduate Programs Scholarships and Funding Learn More Request More Information Graduate Academic Calendar Program and Course DescriptionsVisit PhysicsApply to this Program share tweet save Grad News 2020 Trudeau Foundation Doctoral Scholarships - Call for nominations OGS & QEII-GSST Competition 2020/21 Autism Scholars Award 2020-21 Ontario Women's Health Scholars Awards 2020-21 OGS/QEII-GSST and CGS-M info session - copy of materials More News Future Students FAQ How do I apply? What is the status of my application? I've been accepted. Now what? share tweet save Contact Us University Directory Accessibility News Services for Media UWindsor mobile apps Terms & Conditions Policies Manage UWin Account Emergency Services for Students Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Facebook Follow us on LinkedIn Follow us on Flickr Follow us on Youtube Follow us on Instagram
