http://www.uwindsor.ca/graduate-studies/341/psychology?elqTrackId=f15abb899fe94140a2f134f3d9725483&elqaid=414&elqat=2
Psychology | Faculty of Graduate Studies Skip to main content University of Windsor Search Enter the terms you wish to search for. Search Support UWindsor CLOSE QUICK LINKS Current Students Blackboard UWinsite Student Faculty + Staff UWinsite Finance Alumni + Donors Industry + Community Partners Faculty of Graduate Studies About Us Future Students Current Students Faculty & Staff Funding Graduate Calendar About Overview Office of the President Virtual Tour Visitor Information Campus Maps Parking Place of Promise VIEW Magazine Academics Programs Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs International Programs Co-operative Education Continuing Education Support Office of the Registrar Student Awards Office of the Provost Faculties Arts, Humanities, and Social Sciences Law Education Nursing Engineering Business Graduate Studies Human Kinetics Science Research Overview Vice-President, Research & Innovation Research & Innovation Services Research Appointments Research Ethics Research Safety Animal Care Research Finance Leddy Library UWill Discover! EPICentre Student Life Overview UWindsor Events SoCA Concerts & Events Lancers Varsity Sports University Players Athletics + Recreation Services Student Accessibility Services Residence Food Services Student Support Back to Top FUTURE STUDENTS ask.UWindsor MENU ask.UWindsor FUTURE STUDENTS Faculty of Graduate Studies About Us Future Students Current Students Faculty & Staff Funding Graduate Calendar Faculty of Graduate Studies Future Students Future Students Graduate Programs Admission Requirements Tuition Fees Apply Future Students FAQ Future Students Graduate Programs Admission Requirements Tuition Fees Apply Future Students FAQ UWindsor Home Faculty of Graduate Studies Future Students Psychology Psychology Clinical Psychology (M.A. and Ph.D.) A PhD is the minimum educational requirement to become registered or licensed to practice as an independent clinical psychologist in most jurisdictions in North America. Students who are most successful in clinical programs are academic high-achievers with strong interest in the science of human behaviour, well-developed interpersonal skills, and the desire to help improve the lives of others through careers in research and professional practice. On admission, students spend 6 to 7 years taking courses, conducting research for their MA thesis and PhD dissertation, accruing supervised clinical experience in a variety of practicum settings, and completing a one-year full-time internship in an accredited clinical setting. Accreditation and Memberships: Canadian Psychology Association Council of Canadian Professional Psychology Programs Association of Psychology Postdoctoral and Internship Applied Social Psychology (M.A. and Ph.D.) The goal of the University of Windsor’s Applied Social Psychology program is to educate students as scholars, researchers, and practitioners in various areas of Social Psychology with an emphasis on Community/Health and Industrial/Organizational Psychology. The program’s combination of course work, research, and practicum/internship experiences provides students with the resources necessary to teach, work, and conduct research in a variety of settings, including university departments, educational and community organizations, government agencies, social service agencies, hospitals, businesses, human resource groups, and management consulting firms. Areas of Emphasis: Community/Health Psychology: Community & Health psychology courses, research, and experiences develop knowledge and skills related to such areas as cultural diversity, sexuality, violence against women, education, community mental health, promotion and maintenance of health, analysis and improvement of health care delivery, interventions, program development and evaluation, and participatory research methods. Industrial/Organizational Psychology: Industrial/organizational psychology courses, research, and experiences develop knowledge and skills related to such areas as organizational effectiveness, human resource development, personnel selection, team building, and leadership development. Core Curriculum: Core courses include statistics, theory, research methods, as well as ethical and professional issues in applied psychology All PhD students take at least one course in cultural diversity and MA and PhD students take courses from their chosen area of emphasis or across both areas (Community/Health Psychology and Industrial/Organizational Psychology) Practicum and Internship: Students also complete a MA level practicum (100 hours) and a PhD level internship (1,000 hours) in a field setting such as a business organization, community organization (including grassroots ones), school/college, or government agency. Program Specific Admission Requirements Deadline for Fall: December 1 (Clinical Psychology) January 15 (Applied Social Psychology) Deadline for Winter: - Deadline for Summer: - Minimum TOEFL: IBT-100 Minimum IELTS: 7.0 Minimum Pearson: 68 Additional Requirements Graduate Record Examination (GRE General is required). Three Confidential Reports are required. Please include a statement of interest and a CV with your material. General admission requirements for all Graduate Programs Scholarships and Funding Learn More Request More Information Graduate Academic Calendar Program and Course DescriptionsVisit Psychology Apply to this Program share tweet save Grad News 2020 Trudeau Foundation Doctoral Scholarships - Call for nominations OGS & QEII-GSST Competition 2020/21 Autism Scholars Award 2020-21 Ontario Women's Health Scholars Awards 2020-21 OGS/QEII-GSST and CGS-M info session - copy of materials More News Future Students FAQ How do I apply? What is the status of my application? I've been accepted. Now what? share tweet save Contact Us University Directory Accessibility News Services for Media UWindsor mobile apps Terms & Conditions Policies Manage UWin Account Emergency Services for Students Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Facebook Follow us on LinkedIn Follow us on Flickr Follow us on Youtube Follow us on Instagram
