http://www.uwindsor.ca/graduate-studies/342/social-work?elqTrackId=acf44a20ddd34b64aa7fe548fca69860&elqaid=414&elqat=2
Social Work | Faculty of Graduate Studies Skip to main content University of Windsor Search Enter the terms you wish to search for. Search Support UWindsor CLOSE QUICK LINKS Current Students Blackboard UWinsite Student Faculty + Staff UWinsite Finance Alumni + Donors Industry + Community Partners Faculty of Graduate Studies About Us Future Students Current Students Faculty & Staff Funding Graduate Calendar About Overview Office of the President Virtual Tour Visitor Information Campus Maps Parking Place of Promise VIEW Magazine Academics Programs Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs International Programs Co-operative Education Continuing Education Support Office of the Registrar Student Awards Office of the Provost Faculties Arts, Humanities, and Social Sciences Law Education Nursing Engineering Business Graduate Studies Human Kinetics Science Research Overview Vice-President, Research & Innovation Research & Innovation Services Research Appointments Research Ethics Research Safety Animal Care Research Finance Leddy Library UWill Discover! EPICentre Student Life Overview UWindsor Events SoCA Concerts & Events Lancers Varsity Sports University Players Athletics + Recreation Services Student Accessibility Services Residence Food Services Student Support Back to Top FUTURE STUDENTS ask.UWindsor MENU ask.UWindsor FUTURE STUDENTS Faculty of Graduate Studies About Us Future Students Current Students Faculty & Staff Funding Graduate Calendar Faculty of Graduate Studies Future Students Future Students Graduate Programs Admission Requirements Tuition Fees Apply Future Students FAQ Future Students Graduate Programs Admission Requirements Tuition Fees Apply Future Students FAQ UWindsor Home Faculty of Graduate Studies Future Students Social Work Social Work M.S.W. The University of Windsor MSW program is geared toward students seeking advanced professional knowledge and skills within an ecological systems perspective. There is an emphasis on the ‘interrelationship’ across levels of practice, including the interrelationship between individuals and their environments and the impact the environment has on individuals. Environment includes a range of contexts including but not limited to family context, organizational infrastructures, service systems, network linkages, political forces, cultural forces, social forces, social work values, roles, and professional issues. M.S.W./J.D. At Windsor Law, you will get a challenging, well-rounded legal education focused on both professional and personal development. We expect our students to not only master the intricacies of the law, but to use their knowledge to actively advocate for social and legal justice in Canada and around the world. Our two themes – Access to Justice and Transnational Legal Issues – permeate all that we do. They are evident in our admission policy, our curriculum, our commitment to experiential learning and our research. The mission of the School of Social Work is to promote social justice through quality professional education, advocacy, community partnerships, and the development and dissemination of knowledge. The School's understanding of social justice and its mandate in social work education finds its roots in them profession’s historical commitment to serve the interests of oppressed and vulnerable populations and a set of fundamental values stated in the profession's Code of Ethics. Ph.D. The School of Social Work at the University of Windsor is a dynamic and progressive leader in social work education. The School’s faculty engage in original, cutting-edge research aimed at advancing scholarly knowledge in a number of critically important social areas including: health, community capacity building, mental health, gerontology, poverty reduction and child welfare. The school‘s location on an international border is geographically unique, creating research and leadership opportunities within a broad North American context. Students interested in a research based doctoral program will find a supportive learning-centred faculty dedicated to research and teaching excellence. The PhD program in Social Work prepares social work degree holders from an accredited program for leadership roles in academia, research, practice, social policy, and administration. The PhD Program Facilitates: Broad epistemological paradigms that promote critical thinking and inquiry Development of diverse and rigorous research methods to address current practice and policy issues Mastery of a substantive area of social work and effective knowledge translation Opportunities for research collaboration with faculty scholars and community partners Small seminar approach to teaching and learning Supportive and collegial university environment and mentorship Scholarships, graduate assistantships and sessional teaching opportunities Engagement within an internationally and culturally diverse region and community Program Specific Admission Requirements Deadline for Fall 2020: M.S.W Programs: January 11, 2020 M.S.W for Working Professionals: May 1, 2020 M.S.W/J.D.: November 1, 2019 PhD: January 17, 2020 Deadline for Winter 2020: M.S.W for Working Professionals: September 1, 2019 (Advanced Standing) Deadline for Summer 2020: M.S.W Programs: November 1, 2019 (Advanced Standing) Minimum TOEFL: IBT-100 Minimum IELTS: 7.0 Minimum Pearson: 68 Minimum CELBAN: Writing 7, Speaking 8, Listening 10, Reading 8 Additional Requirements MSW programs: Two Referee Assessment Forms, resume and personal statement. Please review the School of Social Work website for additional requirements. GRE or MAT is recommended for graduates of universities outside of Canada and the USA, and for any applicants with a grade point average below the required 73%. MSW/JD program: Two Referee Assessment Forms, resume and personal statement. Please review the School of Social Work website for additional requirements. GRE or MAT is recommended for graduates of universities outside of Canada and the USA, and for any applicants with a grade point average below the required 73%. More information on the M.S.W./J.D program. PhD: Statement of Interest A curriculum vitae demonstrating experience in Social Work A sample of professional or academic writing Three letters of reference Policy Statement Research Proposal GRE is strongly recommended for students who are graduates of universities outside of Canada General admission requirements for all Graduate Programs Scholarships and Funding Learn More Request More Information Graduate Academic Calendar Program and Course Descriptions Visit Social WorkApply to this Program share tweet save Grad News 2020 Trudeau Foundation Doctoral Scholarships - Call for nominations OGS & QEII-GSST Competition 2020/21 Autism Scholars Award 2020-21 Ontario Women's Health Scholars Awards 2020-21 OGS/QEII-GSST and CGS-M info session - copy of materials More News Future Students FAQ How do I apply? What is the status of my application? I've been accepted. Now what? share tweet save Contact Us University Directory Accessibility News Services for Media UWindsor mobile apps Terms & Conditions Policies Manage UWin Account Emergency Services for Students Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Facebook Follow us on LinkedIn Follow us on Flickr Follow us on Youtube Follow us on Instagram
