http://www.uwindsor.ca/graduate-studies/343/sociology?elqTrackId=ce7244502e344145bc7247e1713a7426&elqaid=414&elqat=2
Sociology | Faculty of Graduate Studies Skip to main content University of Windsor Search Enter the terms you wish to search for. Search Support UWindsor CLOSE QUICK LINKS Current Students Blackboard UWinsite Student Faculty + Staff UWinsite Finance Alumni + Donors Industry + Community Partners Faculty of Graduate Studies About Us Future Students Current Students Faculty & Staff Funding Graduate Calendar About Overview Office of the President Virtual Tour Visitor Information Campus Maps Parking Place of Promise VIEW Magazine Academics Programs Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs International Programs Co-operative Education Continuing Education Support Office of the Registrar Student Awards Office of the Provost Faculties Arts, Humanities, and Social Sciences Law Education Nursing Engineering Business Graduate Studies Human Kinetics Science Research Overview Vice-President, Research & Innovation Research & Innovation Services Research Appointments Research Ethics Research Safety Animal Care Research Finance Leddy Library UWill Discover! EPICentre Student Life Overview UWindsor Events SoCA Concerts & Events Lancers Varsity Sports University Players Athletics + Recreation Services Student Accessibility Services Residence Food Services Student Support Back to Top FUTURE STUDENTS ask.UWindsor MENU ask.UWindsor FUTURE STUDENTS Faculty of Graduate Studies About Us Future Students Current Students Faculty & Staff Funding Graduate Calendar Faculty of Graduate Studies Future Students Future Students Graduate Programs Admission Requirements Tuition Fees Apply Future Students FAQ Future Students Graduate Programs Admission Requirements Tuition Fees Apply Future Students FAQ UWindsor Home Faculty of Graduate Studies Future Students Sociology Sociology M.A. The UWindsor Master’s program in Sociology has a well-established reputation for critical and contemporary scholarship. Students who enter into our thoughtfully designed program find that it offers an inclusive education that encourages discovery, and the expansion of their own creative ideas. Our department is uniquely positioned to foster student engagement in the community. A master’s degree prepares students for work in research settings including government, community based or market research, work in the private sector in areas that relate to human resources, equity, and community development. We provide an environment conductive to research and learning that reflects disciplinary and interdisciplinary approaches to societies, cultures, crime, and social control in a changing world. Ph.D. with a Specialization in Social Justice Our PhD program in Sociology critically examines the emergence of contemporarym global society, analyzing and evaluating its effects on people’s lives. We attend to issues of power, change, and social inequalities, especially as they affect the social and policy environments. Our areas of expertise cover culture and community; migration and population; and crime and justice. Our faculty members are renowned for providing attentive, individualized supervision that reflects our commitment to your professional and scholarly development. The first program of its kind in Canada, it is grounded in a comprehensive approach including: immersion in a variety of data gathering techniques; substantive topics like community; research design; analysis and interpretation; and rigorous theorizing. The program offers unique opportunities for student-professor collaboration, discovery, creativity, critical thinking, and community engagement. Why pursue graduate studies with us? Contemporary and critical scholarship Tight-knit student society Publically relevant, cutting-edge research Diverse faculty members and students Alignment with faculty research interests Program Specific Admission Requirements Deadline for Fall: M.A.: February 1 Ph.D.: February 1 *Applications to these programs will be accepted after this deadline, however, these applicants will only be considered if space and funding allows. Minimum TOEFL: IBT-83 Minimum IELTS: 6.5 Minimum Pearson: 65 Additional Requirements M.A.: Two academic Referee Assessment Forms Statement of Interest or Plan of Study Curriculum Vitae or Resume Program Stream Option Form Ph.D.: Letter from applicant including area for dissertation research. Students are encouraged to identify one (1) or more members of the department's graduate faculty with whom they would like to work. A sample of written work. Personal statement (max 500 words) that answers both questions: How have you been involved in social justice issues through research, work or community activity? and: How do you envision your research contributing to social justice? Three Referee Assessment Forms. Two should be from academic referees (e.g. MA Supervisor) and one can be from a non-academic referee who has been in a supervisory or mentor role. Curriculum Vitae or Resume. General admission requirements for all Graduate Programs Scholarships and Funding Learn More Request More Information Visit Sociology, Anthropology, and CriminologyGraduate Academic Calendar Program and Course DescriptionsApply to this Program share tweet save Grad News 2020 Trudeau Foundation Doctoral Scholarships - Call for nominations OGS & QEII-GSST Competition 2020/21 Autism Scholars Award 2020-21 Ontario Women's Health Scholars Awards 2020-21 OGS/QEII-GSST and CGS-M info session - copy of materials More News Future Students FAQ How do I apply? What is the status of my application? I've been accepted. Now what? share tweet save Contact Us University Directory Accessibility News Services for Media UWindsor mobile apps Terms & Conditions Policies Manage UWin Account Emergency Services for Students Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Facebook Follow us on LinkedIn Follow us on Flickr Follow us on Youtube Follow us on Instagram
