http://ask.uwindsor.ca?elqTrackId=05b2878852e14a698bd4339e6aa5fc18&elq=00000000000000000000000000000000&elqaid=446&elqat=2&elqCampaignId=&elqcst=272&elqcsid=43
ask.UWindsor - Support Home Page Skip Navigation FUTURE STUDENTS STUDENT LIFE Overview Athletics + Recreation Services Lancers Varsity Sports University Players SoCA Concerts & Events Student Accessibility Services Events Calendar Residence Food Services Student Support RESEARCH Overview Vice-President, Research & Innovation Research & Innovation Services Research appointments Research Ethics Research Safety Animal Care Research Finance Leddy Library UWill Discover! EPICentre ACADEMICS PROGRAMS Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs International Programs Continuing Education Registrar's Office FACULTIES Arts, Humanities + Social Sciences Law Education Nursing Engineering Business Graduate Studies Human Kinetics Science ACADEMIC SUPPORT Office of the Registrar Student Awards Office of the Provost ABOUT Overview Senior Administration Virtual Tour Visitor Information Campus Maps Parking Place of Promise VIEW Magazine CURRENT STUDENTS · ALUMNI + DONORS · FACULTY + STAFF · ASK.UWINDSOR SEARCH ABOUT ACADEMICS RESEARCH STUDENT LIFE CURRENT STUDENTS ALUMNI + DONORS FACULTY + STAFF ASK.UWINDSOR FUTURE STUDENTS Your browser either does not have JavaScript enabled or does not appear to support enough features of JavaScript to be used well on this site. Log in or Sign up Search Find articles for Screen Reader users press enter to select a all students. all students This button does not work with screen readers. Please use the previous link instead. all students Screen Reader users press enter to select a all topics. all topics This button does not work with screen readers. Please use the previous link instead. all topics Search by Keyword Search Welcome to ask.UWindsor, we're here to help. Search our ‘knowledge articles’ for information or ask a question for our dedicated staff to answer. Popular Articles What programs do you offer? Undergraduate Programs The University of Windsor offers more than 200 undergraduate programs, which all our programs combine both academic and relevant experience to prepare you to gain a competitive advantage in the real-world. At... How do I log in to UWinsite Student? To log in to UWinsite Student In your web browser, preferably Google Chrome, go to www.uwindsor.ca/uwinsitestudent. Click the LOG IN TO UWINSITE STUDENT button. Enter your UWin ID and Password. Click the Login button. You... How do I activate my UWindsor account for the first time? Your UWin Account is your personal digital identification for accessing several online services at UWindsor. Applicants need to activate their UWin Account prior to accessing UWinsite Student (undergraduates) or eGAS (graduates). To activate... How do I change my name with UWindsor? Preferred First Name UWindsor recognizes that some students prefer to be addressed by names other than their legal first names. For this reason, the university allows you to designate a preferred first name. For example: A student’s legal name is... How do I find my final exam schedule? Due to unforeseen technical difficulties the release of the Fall 2019 final exam schedule was delayed. The difficulties have been resolved and the schedule is now available. Please check UWinsite Student to find yours. As per the University... How do I complete my UWinAward Student Profile? Some tips as you work through your profile: The Activity Guide and the Form tools used to deliver the process within Campus Solutions are most compatible with Google Chrome. You will also need to download the free version of Adobe Acrobat.... How do I get a copy of my Academic Transcript? A University of Windsor transcript is a document issued by the Office of the Registrar which records all aspects of a student's registrations and grades obtained at the University. All current UWindsor students, alumni and former students can... How do I know when to register for classes? In general, registration occurs: In November for the Winter semester In March for Intersession/Summer semester In May for the Fall semester for first-year students In June for the Fall semester for returning students ... How do I receive an Enrolment Verification letter? Proof of enrolment is often required by financial institutions, government agencies, insurance companies or employers. The University of Windsor offers an Enrolment Verification Letter (no charge) and an Enrolment Certificate ($10/copy). It... How do I extend my UWin Account? If you have accepted an offer of admission to UWindsor, you can extend your UWin Account. Extending your UWin Account gives you access to: • Your UWindsor email account • The University’s student information... Show more Published Answers Do you have a technology related question? Having problems accessing UWindsor IT services? If your password no longer works or you are having technical issues on campus. Contact the ITS ServiceDesk International Students Do you want to study at UWindsor? Chat with our International Student team. Live Chat Chat hours are listed below. Monday - Friday: 09:00 AM - 12:00 PM, 02:00 PM - 04:30 PM EST Saturday - Sunday: Closed It is currently Friday, Nov 15, 2019 07:01 PM EST Contact Us University Directory Accessibility Services News Services for Media UWindsor mobile apps Terms & Conditions Emergency Services for Students
