https://www.wes.org/?elqTrackId=3d57730980554aaa9c761e6d8f220dc0&elqaid=446&elqat=2
World Education Services: International Credential Evaluation About WES Sign In Apply Now English 简体中文 WES United States WES Canada Credential Evaluation About WES Credential Evaluation Evaluations & Fees Required Documents The WES Difference Apply Now Tools & Advice Free Tools Webinars & Events WES Advisor Blog E-Guides Help Center Help Topics Contact Us Institutions Search Search U.S. Canada English 简体中文 About WES Sign In Apply Now Credential Evaluation About WES Credential Evaluation Evaluations & Fees Required Documents The WES Difference Apply Now Tools & Advice Free Tools Webinars & Events WES Advisor Blog E-Guides Help Center Help Topics Contact Us Institutions Returning Applicants Sign In New Applicants Get Started Here is our simple, three-step evaluation process: Step 1 Submit your application and receive your WES reference number. Step 2 Read our document requirements and send in your documents. You must indicate your WES reference number on all documents sent to WES. Step 3 We verify your credentials, create your report, and deliver it to your recipients. Apply Now For over 45 years, WES has empowered international students and professionals to reach their goals through our trusted credential evaluations and advice. Use Our Free Tools Grade Point Average Calculator Degree Equivalency Scholarship Finder Required Documents What's New from the WES Advisor Blog 6 Ways to Save Money Studying Abroad International Students: Should You Invest in a U.S. Educa... Living the Mission: The Stories of Immigrants Project Why Choose WES? Fast Service We can complete your evaluation in seven business days after we receive and approve all your documents. Trusted Evaluations We have provided more than 1.5 million evaluations to international students and professionals. Unmatched Resources We have a diverse staff and a custom-built database that contains over 40 years of research. Learn How WES Makes an Impact Philanthropy: WES Mariam Assefa Fund Our philanthropic initiative, the WES Mariam Assefa Fund, aims to catalyze economic opportunities and advancement for immigrants and refugees in the U.S. and Canada. Field Building and Policy: Global Talent Bridge WES Global Talent Bridge is dedicated to helping skilled immigrants fully utilize their talents and education in Canada and the United States. Events On-Demand Webinar The Secret to Writing a Great Personal Statement in English On-Demand Webinar Getting Your Professional Engineering License: What Internationally Trained Professionals Need to Know More Get timely updates from WES Subscribe "WES provides great service for those who have obtained academic degrees outside the U.S. I was so glad to receive my evaluation containing my equivalent grades and degree level.” John Zabala, WES Customer “I used this service to evaluate my diplomas obtained in Nigeria. The site was easy to navigate and I found the information needed. Good customer staff and prompt response. Thank you!” Opeyemi Oluwafemi, WES Customer “After many years where I could not make use of my education because I had foreign degrees, I can do it now because of an organization called World Education Services.” Purnima Mensinkai, WES Customer “I had a great experience. My degrees were evaluated quickly and were delivered to the respective universities. Very satisfied!!!” Siddharth Srinivasan, WES Customer About About WES News & Media Clients & Testimonials Careers at WES WES Leadership WES Canada WES Global Talent Bridge WES Mariam Assefa Fund Credential Evaluation About WES Credential Evaluation Evaluations & Fees Required Documents The WES Difference Apply Now My Account Tools & Advice Free Tools Webinars & Events WES Advisor Blog E-Guides Help Center Help Topics Contact Us Connect Download the App Get WES Updates by Email Subscribe Now © 2019 World Education Services. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Terms and Conditions
