https://continue.uwindsor.ca/459/project-management-certificate-program
Project Management | Continuing Education at UWindsor Skip to main content University of Windsor Search Enter the terms you wish to search for. Search Support UWindsor CLOSE QUICK LINKS Current Students Blackboard UWinsite Student Faculty + Staff UWinsite Finance Alumni + Donors Industry + Community Partners Continuing Education About Us Enrol Instructor Hiring About Overview Office of the President Virtual Tour Visitor Information Campus Maps Parking Place of Promise VIEW Magazine Academics Programs Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs International Programs Co-operative Education Continuing Education Support Office of the Registrar Student Awards Office of the Provost Faculties Arts, Humanities, and Social Sciences Law Education Nursing Engineering Business Graduate Studies Human Kinetics Science Research Overview Vice-President, Research & Innovation Research & Innovation Services Research Appointments Research Ethics Research Safety Animal Care Research Finance Leddy Library UWill Discover! EPICentre Student Life Overview UWindsor Events SoCA Concerts & Events Lancers Varsity Sports University Players Athletics + Recreation Services Student Accessibility Services Residence Food Services Student Support Back to Top FUTURE STUDENTS ask.UWindsor MENU ask.UWindsor FUTURE STUDENTS Continuing Education About Us Enrol Instructor Hiring UWindsor Home Continuing Education at UWindsor Project Management Project Management Windsor-Essex Professionals' Choice for Project Management Interested in sending an employee from your organization? You may be eligible for the Canada-Ontario Job Grant as a way to off-set the cost. Learn more. Project Management Essentials - March 30, 31 & April 1, 2020 3-day fundamental course is an accessible, hands-on journey through a project from initiation to closing, with a special emphasis on initiation and planning. Course participants work in project teams to practice PM tools while they experience the realistic challenges that are encountered on projects. Although it is possible to customize a case study for a specific industry or organization, this course offers 2 case studies so there is something for everyone. Real-life stories from a variety of industries are used to illustrate key concepts and best practices and the instructor encourages course participants to share their experiences. This ensures the discussions are realistic and relevant. Project Management Essentials is compliant with the Project Management Body of Knowledge and it introduces tools and terminology without overwhelming participants with jargon. The course focuses on developing practical skills that can be applied immediately to increase the level of success on projects. The course is fun, fast-paced, interactive, and adapted as required based on the needs of each audience. Participants will gain practical skills to: Use the terminology and processes of modern project management Prepare a complete and accurate project plan for your project Facilitate team discussions to learn from the PM experiences of others Practice PM skills using templates Value the benefits of a consistent PM methodology The Project Management Essentials course is appropriate for individuals who are: Responsible for managing smaller projects. Participants on a project team of any size, especially those who have not yet been exposed to the tools, techniques and terminology of formal project management. Prerequisites: There is no prerequisite for this course. It functions as a stand-alone course. Materials: You will receive a course binder containing copies of presentation slides, case studies, exercises, and suggested solutions. Location: Windsor Hall, Room 307 167 Ferry St. Windsor, ON N9A 0C5 Time: 9am-5pm Fee: $1295 Instructor: Janice Petley Successfull completion of this course equates 21 PDUs. What you will learn: Introduction and PM Context Portfolios, programs, projects Project success, project life cycles Workshops: Project priorities, project success Initiating the Project Stakeholders and requirements Project team, working in a matrix Workshops: Project stakeholders, project charter Planning the Project Work breakdown structure Project Change Control Communications planning Estimating Project Risk Management Critical path scheduling Workshops: WBS, critical path scheduling, change control, project communications plan, risk management, project schedule Project Execution Roles and responsibilities Scope management Conflict management Leadership and motivation Schedule control Cost Control Workshops: roles and responsibilities, conflict management, schedule updates, reporting and control Project Closure Closing and lessons learned Wrap-up Workshops: lessons learned Comprehensive Project Management Seminar - Core Skills - November 26, 27 and 28, 2019 3-day course is designed for those with experience working in a project management (PM) environment. This “professional” level course appeals to a broad mix of industries. Participants include engineers, contractors, software developers and manufacturers engaged in technical projects; others are involved in business and financial projects. We facilitate discussions among the participants about their project management challenges and successes. Participants will gain practical skills to: Become conversant with the whole breadth of modern project management. Increase your own PM “lessons learned” by learning from the PM experiences of others. Add techniques to your PM “toolbox,” increasing your value to your organization and in the job marketplace. Return to your workplace equipped to improve your organization’s PM process. Prepare to take the PMP examination (should you choose). The Comprehensive Project Management Seminar is appropriate for individuals who: Are being appointed as a Project Manager. Work in a project management environment and want to increase their PM knowledge. Are preparing for the PMP or CAPM designation. Want to enhance their marketability in the project management job market. Prerequisites: 3-day Project Management Essentials (or its equivalent), or you already work in a project management environment that manages project scope, cost and time. Materials: You will receive a course binder containing copies of presentation slides, case studies, exercises, and suggested solutions. You will also receive A Guide to the Project Management Body of Knowledge and Farndale’s PMP and CAPM Preparation Guide (with our 299-question sample exam). Fee:$1295 Instructor: Janice Petley Successful completion of this course equates 21 PDUs Topics include: Introduction, Context and Integration History of PM, PM body of knowledge Context within portfolios and programs Project life cycles, triple constraint, balance of constraints Key stakeholders, role of PM, talent triangle, PM competencies Project Charter, Project Management Plan, Integrated Change Control Lessons learned Exercise: past experiences (success and failure) Stakeholder Management Identify stakeholders, plan, manage and monitor stakeholder expectations Exercises: stakeholder identification and requirements, power/interest grid, stakeholder engagement levels, managing stakeholder expectations Scope Management Scope planning, definition, validation Collect requirements tools & techniques Work Breakdown Structures Scope changes, scope creep, scope control Exercises: Requirements & Scope Statement, Work Breakdown Structure, Scope Creep Schedule Management Hierarchy of Schedules Logic Networks: PDM, CPM Duration Estimating Resource Loading and Leveling Critical Path Compression Schedule Risk Analysis & Contingency Schedule Reporting and Control Exercises: Post-it Note Schedule Development, Resource Leveling, Crashing Cost Management Cost-Benefit Analysis Cost Estimating Contingency Budgeting Cost Reporting and Control Earned Value Management Estimates to Complete Exercises: Estimating, Earned Value Comprehensive Project Management Seminar - Enhanced Skills - January 28, 29 and 30, 2020 3-day course is designed for those with experience working in a project management (PM) environment. This “professional” level course appeals to a broad mix of industries. Participants include engineers, contractors, software developers and manufacturers engaged in technical projects; others are involved in business and financial projects. We facilitate discussions among the participants about their project management challenges and successes. Once completed, you will return to your workplace qualified to improve your organization’s PM process. Many people who have taken our course have gone on to a high-profile position in their organization. By the conclusion of this course, you will learn the processes from 5 knowledge areas as defined in the benchmark publication A Guide to the Project Management Body of Knowledge (PMBOK®) Guide published by the Project Management Institute. The course is always consistent with the current PMBOK® Guide. Participants will gain practical skills to: Become conversant with the whole breadth of modern project management. Increase your own PM “lessons learned” by learning from the PM experiences of others. Add techniques to your PM “toolbox,” increasing your value to your organization and in the job marketplace. Return to your workplace equipped to improve your organization’s PM process. Prepare to take the PMP examination (should you choose). The Comprehensive Project Management Seminar is appropriate for individuals who: Are being appointed as a Project Manager. Work in a project management environment and want to increase their PM knowledge. Are preparing for the PMP or CAPM designation. Want to enhance their marketability in the project management job market. Prerequisite: 3-day Project Management Essentials (or its equivalent), or you already work in a project management environment that manages project scope, cost and time. Materials: You will receive a course binder containing copies of presentation slides, case studies, exercises, and suggested solutions. You will also receive A Guide to the Project Management Body of Knowledge and Farndale’s PMP and CAPM Preparation Guide (with our 299-question sample exam). Fee:$1295 Insructor: Darya Duma This course equates 21 PDUs What you will learn: Communication Management Process of Communication Communications Plan Progress Reports Virtual Teams Exercises: Communication Problems, Communications Plan Quality Management Principles of Quality Manage Quality Control Quality Exercises: Principles, Pareto Diagram Procurement Management Organizing for Procurement Contract Law Plan Procurements Contract Types, Risk Allocation Conduct Procurements - Solicitation & Selection Control Procurements Dispute Avoidance & Resolution Contract Close-Out Exercises: Battle of the Forms, Tendering, Evaluation Criteria, Procurement Plan Risk Management Risk Identification Qualitative and Quantitative Risk Management Expected Monetary Value Decision Trees Monte Carlo Simulation Risk Response Planning & Implement Risk Responses Risk Monitoring Exercises: Risk Identification, Risk Mapping, Risk Tolerance, Risk Responses Resource Management Organizing for Projects Motivation & Leadership Power and Influence Team Development Conflict Resolution Exercises: Working in a Matrix, Applying Behavioral Theories, Situational Leadership, Conflict Resolution Wrap Up Trends in Project Management Leadership & Change Management for Project Managers - April 27, 28 and 29, 2020 It is staggering that close to 80% of change initiatives end up failing, or falling far short of delivering on their intended benefits. For the most part, this is not because they are not valuable initiatives, but rather it is mostly attributed to flawed execution, failure to understand what the change is about, failure to realize the extent of the organizational change and a disconnect between the strategic aspect of the change and the tactical elements that include the project itself, the team involved and the measurement of success. This program connects change management and project management in a unique manner at 4 different levels: Introduction of change management practical concepts Review of leadership attributes for effectively leading change initiatives Establish a connection between the change initiative and project management by ensuring project managers fully understand the impact their projects’ products and results will have on the organization Provide project managers with relevant concepts to effectively lead their project within the changing environment This program helps integrate projects, their context, and the reasons why are they taking place. While it does not cover business analysis elements related to building a business case, it covers the strategic context and the vision that are behind the need for the project. Further, the program helps participants build a solid thread of reasoning, rationale, and continuity and it enables project managers and business leaders to make informed decisions. After taking this program, participants will be positioned to effectively lead projects in a way that meets the actual needs for which the project was undertaken and it helps project managers better understand change management concepts and allows business leaders to understand the applicable project management and change management touchpoints. In turn, this will lead to a greater success with the alignment between the organizational change initiative and the tactical elements that ensue in the form of project management, with focus on both “traditional” project considerations, as well as organizational change in the context of agile. By the end of the session, participants will be able to: Identify realities, challenges and barriers related to change Make a connection between project management and the change it introduces to the organization Develop the capacity to lead different types of change (e.g., strategic plans, lifecycle changes, market, leadership, process, restructuring, M&A, outsourcing) Engage in appropriate leadership styles in the project and across organizational boundaries and learn to lead from anywhere in the organization Align project elements (including people, processes and structures)with organizational strategy and needs Balance planning with execution Build commitment and consensus and handle resistance Foster sustainable change capacity within the organization by connecting the change initiative to the project and the tactical aspect of the change Develop and communicate a compelling vision and strategy and create a tangible benefit measurement plan The course is designed for: Project managers, senior project managers, project sponsors, managers of project managers and organizational leaders who are project stakeholders and work in any capacity. It is also designed for business directors and vice-presidents, public sector directors and program managers, human resources managers, operations managers, and team leads. Prerequisites: There are no prerequisites for this course. Materials: Participants will receive a course binder containing copies of presentation slides, case studies, and exercises. Instructor: Ori Schibi Fee:$1295 This course equates 21 PDUs. What you will learn: Explore the nature of effectively leading change initiatives Explore leadership models and the organization’s style of leadership Develop a personal leadership brand Review and articulate realities, challenges and barriers to change Develop a capacity for leading change Learn to present the vision plan and engage the team to commit to action Define and articulate the value proposition of the change Realize the nature of organizational change Frame the scope of change Challenge the status quo Manage the transition Evaluate alternatives Identify and align key stakeholders and critical roles that support successful change Manage risks and resistance to the change Frame and reframe the change through multiple points of view Integrate, engage, connect and move forward Identify critical success factors for leading and managing change initiatives Connecting the organizational change to project management Project management lifecycle stages for the change project Agile organizational change considerations In addition to the Certificate Program, we will be offering: Certified Agile Project Manager - May 12, 13, 14, 2020 Whether in government or private industry, project managers face a huge challenge when confronted with continually changing requirements. How can you plan when the things keep changing? Traditional project management approaches suggest that we take a snapshot of the requirements as a baseline, and then use change control in an attempt to minimize the impact of any shifting requirements. Sometimes, however, these changes are a reality that the project sponsor has to accommodate. The new agile project management methods help deal with these situations. Participants in this 3-day session will learn the techniques of disciplined, structured agile project management through simulations and examples from real-world projects that used these methods to control changing requirements. This course is designed to meet the educational requirements for three certification exams: the PMI Agile Certified Practitioner (PMI-ACP), the Scrum Master Certification (SMC). and the Certified Agile Project Manager (Cert.APM) exams. To provide experienced project managers with advanced understanding of: the principles and techniques of disciplined, structured agile project management (including agile estimating and planning, agile metrics and forecasting, and agile quality management) how to identify situations where agile techniques may add value how to begin applying the techniques to reduce overall project risk on high change projects. Who Should Attend: The Agile Project Management course introduces some advanced variations on basic project management practices. While anyone can attend, project managers with some experience managing IT projects or new product development projects will find the material more applicable to their day-to-day work. Prerequisites: Although there is no formal pre-requisite for this course, it is assumed that participants already have some training or experience in project management. This couse does not teach the fundamentals of project management; rather, it explains how agile practices are different from more conventional practices -- it does not teach the conventional practices. If applicants already have their CAPM, PMP or CPMA (IPMA Level-D), then they have more than demonstrated their basic understanding of project management and would be ready to take this course. For those with no prior project management knowledge or experience, Procept's 3-day Project Scheduling Essentials course (or equivalent) would provide suitable preparatory training. Materials: You will receive the course binder containing course handouts and presentations and a copy of Kevin Aguanno's best-selling book Managing Agile Projects. What You Will Learn: The Evolution of Systems Development Lifecycles (SDLCs) Iterative and Incremental Development The Agile Philosophy Agile Team and Project Characteristics Scrum Overview Lean Development Overview Feature-Driven Development Overview Extreme Programming Overview Agile Requirements Management Agile Documentation Agile Planning & Estimating Agile Change Management Negotiating with Stakeholders Metrics and Project Control Test-Driven Development PMI-ACP Examination Tips PMP/CAPM Exam Prep - February 28, 29, March 5, 6, 7, 2020 This course has been offered from Hong Kong to Tehran and Lagos, and from Victoria to St. John’s. With its sister courses CAPM® Exam Preparation and The Comprehensive PM Seminar, it has been preparing candidates for the PMP exam longer than any other provider in Canada. The course is a registered program with the Project Management Institute. This course is an intense review of exam material; it is not intended as a stand-alone project management course. It is 5 days long but is often delivered in a 4-day version in-house for organizations. The 5-day version fulfills PMI’s pre-requisite of 35 training hours. Procept has a PMP Preparation Practice Spreadsheet that has proven to be an invaluable tool to aid with the completion of the exam application. This tool is also very helpful for those who don’t yet have the required hours but would like to track of their hours of experience in the format required on the exam application. The knowledge areas are presented in modules. At the beginning of each module, there is a practice pre-test before the presentation of the course material which is followed by realistic, challenging, multiple-choice questions. During the review of the practice questions, the instructor explains how to arrive at the correct answer. The course provides many exam tips and test-taking techniques, but there are no gimmicks because there is no magic formula for passing the PMP exam. It requires appropriate professional PM experience, an intense preparation course, and commitment to prepare appropriately for the exam. The course is delivered by trainers who have had extensive experience in professional project management and a long history of successfully preparing people for the PMP exam. The instructors are experts at presenting content in an engaging manner, keeping the atmosphere positive, and empowering course participants as they prepare to challenge the PMP exam. Participants will gain practical skills to: Identify the “correct” answer to a majority of multiple choice questions similar to the PMP® and CAPM® exams Remember formulas and concepts through application to real-life scenarios instead of memorization. Utilize “tips and tricks” to write PMP exam with more confidence. Identify which knowledge areas may need further home study Be aware of the PMP and CAPM qualification process Further your knowledge of generally accepted project management practices Who Should Attend? The PMP Exam Preparation course is appropriate for individuals who have had previous PM training and are already familiar with project management processes. For most exam candidates, we recommend that you take our longer 6-day The Comprehensive Project Management Seminar. However, this shorter course is appropriate if you are already somewhat or largely prepared for the exam. Prerequisites: 3-day Project Management Essentials (or its equivalent), or You already work in a project management environment that manages project scope, cost, time, quality, etc. Materials: A PDF study guide to help you read through the PMBOK Guide in advance of attending the course will be provided via email Course workbook Farndale’s PMP® and CAPM® Preparation Guide with 299 sample questions Our own PMP Exam Simulator What You Will Learn: Introduction and Project Management Context Integration Management Stakeholder Management Scope Management Schedule Management Cost Management Quality Management Resource Management Communications Management Risk Management Procurement Management Add yourself to the Continuing Education Interest List and we keep you updated about this and other offerings. share tweet save share tweet save Contact Us University Directory Accessibility News Services for Media UWindsor mobile apps Terms & Conditions Policies Manage UWin Account Emergency Services for Students Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Facebook Follow us on LinkedIn Follow us on Flickr Follow us on Youtube Follow us on Instagram
