https://www.uwindsor.ca/continuingeducation/automation
Siemens Mechatronic Systems Certification Program: Level One | Continuing Education at UWindsor Skip to main content University of Windsor Search Enter the terms you wish to search for. Search Support UWindsor CLOSE QUICK LINKS Current Students Blackboard UWinsite Student Faculty + Staff UWinsite Finance Alumni + Donors Industry + Community Partners Continuing Education About Us Enrol Instructor Hiring About Overview Office of the President Virtual Tour Visitor Information Campus Maps Parking Place of Promise VIEW Magazine Academics Programs Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs International Programs Co-operative Education Continuing Education Support Office of the Registrar Student Awards Office of the Provost Faculties Arts, Humanities, and Social Sciences Law Education Nursing Engineering Business Graduate Studies Human Kinetics Science Research Overview Vice-President, Research & Innovation Research & Innovation Services Research Appointments Research Ethics Research Safety Animal Care Research Finance Leddy Library UWill Discover! EPICentre Student Life Overview UWindsor Events SoCA Concerts & Events Lancers Varsity Sports University Players Athletics + Recreation Services Student Accessibility Services Residence Food Services Student Support Back to Top FUTURE STUDENTS ask.UWindsor MENU ask.UWindsor FUTURE STUDENTS Continuing Education About Us Enrol Instructor Hiring UWindsor Home Continuing Education at UWindsor Engineering, Science and Technology Siemens Mechatronic Systems Certification Program: Level One Siemens Mechatronic Systems Certification Program: Level One Sign up to attend one of the information sessions. In collaboration with Siemens, the University of Windsor is thrilled to offer a world-class industry certification in mechatronic systems. Siemens, one of the world’s largest high-tech manufacturing corporations, is a leader in complex technologies, particularly in complex systems integrating electrical, mechanical and computer engineering. The marriage of these three engineering fields, better known as mechatronic systems, plays an ever-increasing role in modern technology. As a result, there is a high demand for qualified and motivated personnel. For this reason, the Siemens Technik Akademie Berlin has developed a comprehensive industry skill certification, the Siemens Mechatronic Systems Certification Program (SMSCP), now offered at the University of Windsor. For Industry SMSCP technical content focuses on key industrial skill areas such as electrical components, sensors, motor controls, PLCs, as well as hydraulics and pneumatics. In addition to teaching the technical knowledge, SMSCP content also stresses trouble-shooting and system-based technical thinking via hands-on training. This technical training, paired with our certifications, creates well-grounded workers that can easily meet the challenges of high-tech and advanced manufacturing industries. In collaboration with Siemens, the University of Windsor proudly offers the SMCP to provide your knowledgeable workers with hands-on mechatronics systems training to meet your industry goals including: Well-trained, work-ready technical workers. With its emphasis on in-demand industrial skills, troubleshooting, and hands-on practice, SMSCP’s training will provide you with knowledgeable workers, who are able to easily move into a variety of production, technician, and/or engineering roles. Objective certification of workers’ technical skills. SMSCP certifications provide an objective, industry-aligned assessment of mechanical, electrical, and digital technical skills, troubleshooting, and mechatronic systems thinking. Cost savings on training and education. With SMSCP, companies and industries can receive much-needed skilled technical workers while drawing on local education and training resources via partner schools. UWindsor offers SMSCP training at a fraction of the cost of private training companies and in some areas, the training may qualify for supporting funding from local government. Clear Job Profiles. To demonstrate its relationship to industry needs, the SMSCP is divided into three qualification levels which each correspond to specific “job profiles”. The job profiles clearly define the certified qualification and skills of the graduates. The three levels are: Level 1: Siemens Certified Mechatronic Systems Assistant. Emphasis is placed on efficiently operating complex mechatronic systems, troubleshooting and foreseeing problems. Level 2: Siemens Certified Mechatronic Systems Associate. Focused on systems management, investigation, repair and troubleshooting. Level 3: Siemens Certified Mechatronic Systems Professional. Corresponding to university-level engineering education. In this level, emphasis is placed on systems design and process optimization. For Students SMSCP technical content focuses on key industrial skill areas such as electrical components, sensors, motor controls, PLCs, as well as hydraulics and pneumatics. In addition to teaching the technical knowledge, SMSCP content also stresses trouble-shooting and system-based technical thinking via hands-on training. This technical training, paired with our certifications, creates well-grounded workers that can easily meet the challenges of high-tech and advanced manufacturing industries. With the defined, industry-focused job profiles, SMSCP can help you transition into a variety of production, technician, and engineering jobs in high-tech and advanced manufacturing industries around the world. SMSCP certifications are internationally recognized as world-class technical qualifications. As you graduate and move on to compete in the job market, your Siemens certification will give you a clear advantage over the competition. The SMSCP is offered in three levels: Level 1: Siemens Certified Mechatronic Systems Assistant. Emphasis is placed on efficiently operating complex mechatronic systems, troubleshooting and foreseeing problems. Level 2: Siemens Certified Mechatronic Systems Associate. Focused on systems management, investigation, repair and troubleshooting. Level 3: Siemens Certified Mechatronic Systems Professional. Corresponding to university-level engineering education. In this level, emphasis is placed on systems design and process optimization. Curriculum Students should complete the Siemens Mechatronics Systems Certification to prepare for the SMSCP certification exam managed by the Siemens Technik Akademie. The following are compulsory courses: (Electro) Pneumatic and Hydraulic Control Circuits - 60 hours Course Description This course covers the basics of pneumatic, electro pneumatic and hydraulic control circuits in a complex mechatronic system. Students will learn the functions and properties of control elements based upon physical principles, and the roles they play within the system. Technical documentation such as data sheets, circuit diagrams, displacement step diagrams and function charts will also be covered. By understanding and performing measurements on the pneumatic and hydraulic control circuits, students will learn and apply troubleshooting strategies to identify, localize and (where possible) to correct malfunctions. Preventive maintenance of (electro) pneumatic and hydraulic components as well as safety issues within the system will be discussed. Course Goals Upon completion of the course, students should: Understand what a mechatronic system is, and the inter-relationships of components and modules within a complex mechatronic system with a focus on (electro) pneumatic and hydraulic control systems. Understand the role of (electro) pneumatic and hydraulic control systems in complex mechatronic system and subsystems. Understand troubleshooting, maintenance and safety issues revolving around (electro) pneumatic and hydraulic circuits within a mechatronic system. Course Objectives At the conclusion of this course, students will be able to: Explain the role of various (electro) pneumatic and hydraulic components within a given system or module. Trace and describe the flow of energy in a given mechatronic system or subsystem. Describe the basic physical properties of pneumatic and hydraulic components. Carry out measurements and adjustments on pneumatic and hydraulic components in a mechatronic system. Read, analyze and utilize the technical documents such as data sheets, circuit diagrams, displacement step diagrams, timing diagrams and function charts for the pneumatic and hydraulic components within a mechatronic system. Correctly localize, identify and document causes of malfunctions in pneumatic and hydraulic circuits, based upon the technical documentation. Correct malfunctions in pneumatic and hydraulic circuits, where possible, or correctly identify the expertise required to correct a malfunction. Apply safety rules while working on the system. Transfer the knowledge learned from one system to another system. Digital Fundamentals and Programmable Logic Controllers - 60 hours Course Description This course covers the fundamentals of digital logic and an introduction to programmable logic controllers (PLCs) in a complex mechatronic system with a focus on the automation system SIMATIC S7-1200 and the appropriate programming software STEP7. Using computer simulation, students will learn the role PLCs play within a mechatronic system or subsystem. They will also learn basic elements of PLC functions by writing small programs and testing these programs on an actual system. Students will learn to identify malfunctioning PLCs, as well as to apply troubleshooting strategies to identify and localize problems caused by PLC hardware. Course Goals Upon completion of the course, students should: Understand the role of programmable logic controllers in complex mechatronic systems, modules and subsystems. Understand the flow of information in the system. Understand and apply troubleshooting, maintenance and safety rules. Course Objectives At the conclusion of this course, students will be able to: Explain the role of programmable logic controllers within a given system or module. Trace and describe the flow of information in a given mechatronic system or subsystem with a focus on the control function of PLCs in the system. Describe the basic functions of PLCs. Read, analyze and utilize the technical documents such as data sheets, timing diagrams, operation manuals, schematics. Correctly localize, identify and document system malfunctions in or caused by PLC hardware, based upon the technical documentation. Apply safety rules while working on the system. Transfer the knowledge learned from one system to another system. Electrical Components - 60 hours Course Description This course covers the basics of electrical components in a complex mechatronic system. Based upon a physical system, students will learn the basic functions and physical properties of electrical components, and the roles they play within the system. Technical documentation such as data sheets, schematics, timing diagrams and system specifications will also be covered. By understanding the complete system, the flow of energy through it and measurements on the components, students will learn and apply troubleshooting strategies to identify, localize and (where possible) correct malfunctions. Preventive maintenance and safety issues for electrical components within the system will be discussed. Course Goals Upon completion of the course, students should: Understand what a mechatronic system is, and the inter-relationships of components and modules with a system. Understand the flow of energy, mass and information in the system. Understand the role of electrical components in complex mechatronic system and subsystems. Understand troubleshooting, maintenance and safety issues within a mechatronic system. Course Objectives At the conclusion of this course, students will be able to: Describe what comprises a mechatronic system or module. · Explain the role of various electrical components within a given system or module. Trace and describe the flow of energy in a given mechatronic system or subsystem. · Describe the basic physical properties of electrical components. Read, analyze and utilize the technical documents such as data sheets, timing diagrams, operation manuals, schematics, etc. for a mechatronic system. Carry out measurements on electrical components in a mechatronic system. Correctly localize, identify and document causes of malfunctions in electrical components, based upon the technical documentation. Where possible correct malfunctions, or correctly identify the expertise required to correct a malfunction. Apply safety rules while working on the system. Transfer the knowledge learned from one system to another system. Course Content Content to be covered within this course includes the following topics: Basic elements and quantities Circuit diagrams, data sheets, schematics Measurements Energy sources Relays and Contactors Input and Output Devices (Switches and Indicators) Solenoids Fuses and Circuit Breakers (Overcurrent protection) Reed Contacts Photoelectric Sensors Inductive Sensors Capacitive Sensors Safety issues, including local regulations Preventive and routine maintenance of components Troubleshooting of the electrical components within a module or system Mechanical Components and Electrical Drives - 60 hours Course Description This course covers the basics of mechanical components and electrical drives in a complex mechatronic system. Based upon a physical system, students will learn the basic functions and physical properties of mechanical components as well as electrical drives (AC and DC), and the roles they play within the system. They will also learn about mechanical components which lead and support the energy through a mechanical system to increase efficiency and to reduce wear and tear. Materials, lubrication requirements and surface properties will be examined. Technical documentation such as data sheets and specifications of mechanical elements and electrical drives will also be covered. By understanding the interworkings of the complete system, students will learn and apply troubleshooting strategies to identify, localize and (where possible) to correct malfunctions. Preventive maintenance of mechanical elements and electrical drives as well as safety issues within the system will be discussed. Course Goals Upon completion of the course, students should: Understand the role of mechanical components and electrical drives in complex mechatronic systems, modules and subsystems. Understand the flow of energy in the system. Understand troubleshooting, preventive maintenance and safety issues revolving around mechanical components and electrical drives within a mechatronic system. Course Objectives At the conclusion of this course, students will be able to: Explain the role of various mechanical components within a given system or module. Trace and describe the flow of energy in a given mechatronic system or subsystem. Describe the basic physical properties of mechanical components including materials, lubrication requirements and surface properties. Carry out adjustments on mechanical components in a mechatronic system. Read, analyze and utilize the technical data sheets for the mechanical components and electrical drives within a mechatronic system. Correctly localize, identify and document causes of malfunctions in mechanical components or electrical drives, based upon the technical documentation. Correct malfunctions where possible, or correctly identify the expertise required to correct a malfunction. Apply safety rules while working on the system. Transfer the knowledge learned from one system to another system. Program Details 12 week program consisting of four courses. January 24 - April 25, 2020 running Fridays 2pm-8pm and Saturdays 9am-6pm Program fee - $2,565 (does not include exam fee for Siemens certification). Minimum admission requirements include successful completion of secondary school diploma and English language proficiency. Verification may be requested. Upon successful completion the four courses, students will receive a Certificate of Completion in Mechatronic Systems from the University of Windsor Continuing Education and may elect to complete the exam for Siemens Certification. Interest List This program is runnig January to May 2020. If you would like to be notified about future offerings of this program, sign up for the Continuing Education Interest List and we will contact you with further details. share tweet save share tweet save Contact Us University Directory Accessibility News Services for Media UWindsor mobile apps Terms & Conditions Policies Manage UWin Account Emergency Services for Students Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Facebook Follow us on LinkedIn Follow us on Flickr Follow us on Youtube Follow us on Instagram
