http://oucqa.ca/resources-publications/quality-assurance-framework/
Quality Assurance Framework — Ontario Universities Council on Quality Assurance Skip to content The Quality Council Members of the Quality Council Appraisal Committee Audit Committee Secretariat Review of the Quality Assurance Framework and Quality Council Contact Meeting Dates and Deadlines Fees What We Do What We Do in Quality Assurance Operating Principles Events News Program Approvals Process of Program Approvals Approved Programs Audits Audit Process Audit Schedule and Reports Resources & Publications Quality Assurance Framework Guide to Quality Assurance Framework Templates Annual Report Frequently Asked Questions QAMS Portal Contact Site Map Search OUCQA: Home › Resources & Publications › Quality Assurance Framework Quality Assurance Framework The Quality Assurance Framework was developed by a special task force, which worked closely over a two-year period with the Vice-Presidents Academic; it was approved by the Executive Heads of Ontario universities. The Quality Assurance Guide was developed to support the Framework. The Ontario Ministry of Colleges and Universities was also consulted during the Framework’s development. The Quality Assurance Framework was last updated in February 2019. The Guide is updated as new resources become available. lick here for a PDF version of the Quality Assurance Framework and Guide. Print this page Quality Assurance Framework Flip through the Quality Assurance Framework using the arrows, or click from links in the Table of Contents. › Table of Contents 1.1 Introduction – Quality Assurance: The International Context 1.2 Quality Assurance in Ontario 1.3 Quality Assurance Framework 1.4 Scope of Application of the Institutional Quality Assurance Processes 1.5 Ratification of the Institutional Quality Assurance Processes 1.6 Definitions 1.7 Acronyms 2. Protocol for New Program Approvals 2.1 Evaluation Criteria 2.2 Initial Institutional Process 2.3 Initial Appraisal Process 2.4 Subsequent Institutional Process 2.5 Final Process 3. Protocol for Expedited Approvals 3.1 Proposal Brief 3.2 Expedited Approval Process 3.3 Institutional Identification of Major Modifications to Existing Programs 3.4 Annual Report to the Quality Council 4. Protocol for Cyclical Program Reviews 4.1 Schedule of Reviews 4.2 Institutional Quality Assurance Process Requirements 4.3 Evaluation Criteria 5. Audit Process 5.1 Quality Council Audit Panel: Selection of the Auditors 5.2 Steps in the Audit Process 6. Review of the Quality Assurance Framework Quality Assurance Transition/ Implementation Task Force Appendix 1: OCAV’s Undergraduate and Graduate Degree Level Expectations Appendix 2: Ontario Universities Council on Quality Assurance The Quality Assurance Framework and Guide are our leading publications that guide the Program Approval and Audit processes. Quality Assurance Framework View the Framework Quality Assurance Guide View the Guide © 2019 Ontario Universities Council on Quality Assurance | All Rights Reserved | Site Map | Please review our policies for: Accessibility | Privacy Contact Us Contact the Quality Council Do you have a question or comment for us? If you would like to know more about the Quality Council or provide feedback about our website, please complete this form. Or if you prefer, contact us directly through the Quality Assurance Secretariat. Name* Email* Your question/comment:* * Mandatory fields Comments This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. Ontario Universities Council on Quality Assurance 180 Dundas Street West, Suite 1800 Toronto, Ontario M5G 1Z8 Tel: 416-979-2165 ext. 231 Fax: 416-979-8635 Email: info@oucqa.ca
