https://www.uwindsor.ca/law/2019-11-06/cities-and-climate-action-forum-launch-partnership-wiff
Cities and Climate Action Forum partners with WIFF | Faculty of Law Skip to main content University of Windsor Search Enter the terms you wish to search for. Search Support UWindsor CLOSE QUICK LINKS Current Students Blackboard UWinsite Student Faculty + Staff UWinsite Finance Alumni + Donors Industry + Community Partners Faculty of Law About Law Admissions Academic Programs Student Services Faculty & Staff Alumni Law Library About Overview Office of the President Virtual Tour Visitor Information Campus Maps Parking Place of Promise VIEW Magazine Academics Programs Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs International Programs Co-operative Education Continuing Education Support Office of the Registrar Student Awards Office of the Provost Faculties Arts, Humanities, and Social Sciences Law Education Nursing Engineering Business Graduate Studies Human Kinetics Science Research Overview Vice-President, Research & Innovation Research & Innovation Services Research Appointments Research Ethics Research Safety Animal Care Research Finance Leddy Library UWill Discover! EPICentre Student Life Overview UWindsor Events SoCA Concerts & Events Lancers Varsity Sports University Players Athletics + Recreation Services Student Accessibility Services Residence Food Services Student Support Back to Top FUTURE STUDENTS ask.UWindsor MENU ask.UWindsor FUTURE STUDENTS Faculty of Law About Law Admissions Academic Programs Student Services Faculty & Staff Alumni Law Library Faculty of Law In this section About Windsor Law Message from Dean Waters Our Mission, Vision, and Values Our Strategic Plan Our Leadership Our History Our Campus Our 50th Anniversary Academic Calendar Contact Us Event Calendar Admissions Viewbook 2019/2020 Our Admissions Criteria Application Deadlines Academic Programs Juris Doctor (JD) Canadian & American Dual JD Master of Business Administration/JD Master of Social Work/JD Master of Laws (LLM) Clinics Clinical and Experiential Learning Community Legal Aid Legal Assistance of Windsor Pro Bono Students Canada Research Publications TLJN LTEC Lab NSRLP Journals The Windsor Yearbook of Access to Justice Windsor Review of Legal and Social Issues Faculty & Staff Student Services Indigenous Initiatives Law Library Law Alumni News Windsor Law Building Updates Access Windsor Law Newsletter Windsor Law News < Back to Homepage About Windsor Law Message from Dean Waters Our Mission, Vision, and Values Our Strategic Plan Our Leadership Our History Our Campus Our 50th Anniversary Academic Calendar Contact Us Event Calendar Admissions Viewbook 2019/2020 Our Admissions Criteria Application Deadlines Academic Programs Juris Doctor (JD) Canadian & American Dual JD Master of Business Administration/JD Master of Social Work/JD Master of Laws (LLM) Clinics Clinical and Experiential Learning Community Legal Aid Legal Assistance of Windsor Pro Bono Students Canada Research Publications TLJN LTEC Lab NSRLP Journals The Windsor Yearbook of Access to Justice Windsor Review of Legal and Social Issues Faculty & Staff Student Services Indigenous Initiatives Law Library Law Alumni News Windsor Law Building Updates Access Windsor Law Newsletter Windsor Law News < Back to Homepage UWindsor Home Faculty of Law Cities and Climate Action Forum partners with WIFF Cities and Climate Action Forum partners with WIFF On Friday, November 8, 2019 professors Anneke Smit and Patrícia Galvão Ferreira and a team of students from Windsor Law launched a new project to support meaningful municipal climate action across Canada and beyond. The Windsor Law Cities and Climate Action Forum launch took place at the Capitol Theatre, in partnership with the Windsor International Film Festival. “The Cities and Climate Action Forum is an interactive platform aimed at empowering youth, community builders, and municipal institutions across Canada to collaborate for meaningful climate change responses at the local level,” says Dr. Galvão Ferreira. “The forum also contributes to existing global initiatives to support local actors to address the climate challenge, under the Paris Climate Agreement. With cities responsible for 60 per cent or more of global carbon emissions, they have to be part of the solution to the climate crisis.” The forum is based at Windsor Hall downtown and is part of the new Windsor Law Centre for Cities. Students are at the core of its work. In addition to a grant from the Government of Canada, the forum has received financial support from the University of Windsor’s Research Innovation Fund, Windsor Law, and the School of Creative Arts. It aims to create new spaces for training, research, and public engagement via conferences, workshops, webinars, social media, and open access resources, with the ultimate goal of building institutional and community capacity to combat climate change at the local level. “As a community-facing project, we are delighted to be partnering with WIFF for our official launch,” says Dr. Smit. Friday’s launch event began at 4:25 p.m. in the Capitol Theatre with a screening of There’s Something in the Water, a film by actor and director Ellen Page and director and producer Ian Daniel. The film is based on Dalhousie University professor Ingrid Waldron’s incendiary study. It follows Page as she travels to primarily Indigenous and Black communities of Nova Scotia that are plagued by toxic fallout from industrial development. Following the film, 22 year-old Indigenous water activist Makaśa Looking Horse and film co-director Daniel participated in a short panel discussion on climate change, environmental racism, and the power of local action. “Indigenous and other marginalized communities are often most affected by climate change and in many cases have been doing work to combat it for a long time with little recognition,” explains Smit. “They must be at the centre of climate action moving forward.” Additional upcoming events for the Cities and Climate Action Forum include co-organizing a national law student research-a-thon on Municipalities and Climate Change on Nov. 18 and conferences in February and March 2020 aimed at providing high school and university students and other community builders the tools to work effectively for local climate action. The forum can also be followed on Twitter, Instagram, and Facebook at @CityClimateAct. Read this story on the Daily News. Anneke Smit Patrícia Galvão Cities and Climate Action Forum — Published on Nov 11th, 2019 share tweet save share tweet save Contact Us University Directory Accessibility News Services for Media UWindsor mobile apps Terms & Conditions Policies Manage UWin Account Emergency Services for Students Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Facebook Follow us on LinkedIn Follow us on Flickr Follow us on Youtube Follow us on Instagram
