https://www.uwindsor.ca/education/AQCallforInstructors
AQ Call for Instructors | Faculty of Education Skip to main content University of Windsor Search Enter the terms you wish to search for. Search Support UWindsor CLOSE QUICK LINKS Current Students Blackboard UWinsite Student Faculty + Staff UWinsite Finance Alumni + Donors Industry + Community Partners About Overview Office of the President Virtual Tour Visitor Information Campus Maps Parking Place of Promise VIEW Magazine Academics Programs Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs International Programs Co-operative Education Continuing Education Support Office of the Registrar Student Awards Office of the Provost Faculties Arts, Humanities, and Social Sciences Law Education Nursing Engineering Business Graduate Studies Human Kinetics Science Research Overview Vice-President, Research & Innovation Research & Innovation Services Research Appointments Research Ethics Research Safety Animal Care Research Finance Leddy Library UWill Discover! EPICentre Student Life Overview UWindsor Events SoCA Concerts & Events Lancers Varsity Sports University Players Athletics + Recreation Services Student Accessibility Services Residence Food Services Student Support Back to Top FUTURE STUDENTS ask.UWindsor MENU ask.UWindsor FUTURE STUDENTS Faculty of Education Faculty of Education In this section Pre-Service & Undergraduate Programs Continuing Teacher Education Programs Graduate Programs Contact Directory Welcome Messages Mission and History Pre-Service & Undergraduate Programs Continuing Teacher Education Programs Graduate Programs Contact Directory Welcome Messages Mission and History UWindsor Home Faculty of Education AQ Call for Instructors AQ Call for Instructors Call for AQ Instructors Winter 2020 The Faculty of Education at the University of Windsor would like to invite you to participate in our Call for AQ Instructors Winter 2020. We are currently seeking qualified instructors to assist in the facilitation of our Additional Qualification (AQ), Additional Basic Qualification (ABQ) and Principal's Qualification (PQP) courses. Teaching AQ/ABQ/PQP courses is an excellent way for you to share your knowledge and expertise with your colleagues in this collaborative learning environment. We have garnered an excellent reputation for offering over 80 AQ courses facilitated by instructors that have a passion for the course content and the ability to deliver the course material in an engaging and inspiring manner. Our AQ courses are fully online which is perfect for busy, working professionals. As well, AQ courses are delivered via our Blackboard learning management system. The exception would be our Health and Physical Education and Principal's Qualification Program courses which are partly face to face. Please make sure to read the document titled CallforInstructorsWinter2020.pdf found at the bottom of this web page. Interested applicants will submit applications directly to the Faculty of Education by completing an online application. Please contact aq@uwindsor.ca should you require assistance. We thank all applicants in advance for their interest in being an AQ instructor for Faculty of Education, however, only successful applicants will be contacted. Successful candidates will be contacted towards the middle of November, 2019. The deadline for receipt of application is Sunday, November 3, 2019. File Attachments: Attachment callforinstructorswinter2020.pdf share tweet save Important Links Associate Teacher Resources Career News for Teacher Candidates Ontario Ministry of Education Curriculum Scholarships, Bursaries & Awards Teaching Resources Why UWindsor? Service Learning for B.Ed. Students Beginning Time Teachings Leadership Experience for Academic Direction MILE Urban Education Reciprocal Learning Program Teachers for Tanzania Alumni Assumption Teacher Honoured by University of Chicago Award to recognize grad for 35 years as an educator UWindsor Grad Awarded Prime Minister’s Award for Teaching Excellence Experiencing the Overseas Classroom Teaching Abroad Teaching Under the Northern Lights Education Outside the Classroom Teach for Canada - One Student's Experience share tweet save Contact Us University Directory Accessibility News Services for Media UWindsor mobile apps Terms & Conditions Policies Manage UWin Account Emergency Services for Students Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Facebook Follow us on LinkedIn Follow us on Flickr Follow us on Youtube Follow us on Instagram
