https://windsorstar.com/news/local-news/executive-chef-steps-to-the-front-of-the-class
Executive chef heads to the front of the class | Windsor Star	 Skip to navigation Skip to content News All News Local News National Election 2019 World Traffic Business All Business Local Business Energy Technology All Technology Gaming Internet Personal Tech Science Space Tech-Biz FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Small Business Opinion All Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Sports All Sports Hockey All Hockey NHL Detroit Red Wings Toronto Maple Leafs Football All Football NFL Detroit Lions CFL Baseball All Baseball Detroit Tigers Basketball All Basketball NBA NCAA Windsor Express Golf Golf Videos Soccer All Soccer International Soccer MLS Curling Tennis Auto Racing Arts All Arts Local Arts Movies All Movies Movie Listings Television All Television TV Listings Music All Music NP Music Books Celebrity Life Milestones All Life Fashion & Beauty Homes All Homes Condos Decorating Gardening Renovating Vacation Homes Food All Food Local Food Reviews Recipes From the Vault Health All Health Diet & Fitness Family & Child Men Women Seniors Sexual Health Life By Design Parenting Relationships Royals Travel Obits Classifieds All Classifieds Flyercity Celebrating Browse Listings Place a Classifieds Ad Local Directory Careers Driving All Driving News Reviews Car Comparison Buyer’s Guide Subscription News Local News |Featured: Windsor International Film Festival Obesity Life After Death Spitfires Dying for a Drink Exit Wounds Election 2019 100 years of Point Pelee Opioid Crisis Windsor Tech Cannabis Help Wanted Anne Jarvis Windsor-Detroit bridge Woofa-Roo 2019 Reader Letters | More Open Search Close Search Search Videos Sign In Sign Out Subscribe Executive chef steps to the front of the class Mary Caton Updated: August 29, 2019 Veteran chef Joe Ciliberto is embarking on a new career Tuesday as an instructor of hospitality baking at Amherstburg's Western Secondary School. Nick Brancaccio / Windsor Star Share Adjust Comment Print Chef Joe Ciliberto is moving out of the kitchen and into the classroom. The classroom, however, also happens to be a kitchen inside Amherstburg’s Western Secondary School. Ciliberto, a professional chef with 26 years in the industry, is embarking on a new career Tuesday as an instructor of hospitality baking for the Greater Essex County District School Board. “I’m on cloud nine right now,” Ciliberto said Thursday as he prepped his new work space. “I’m super excited to be here.” The 40-year-old rookie teacher grew up in the industry, learning at the foot of his father Mike Ciliberto who has owned and operated Windsor’s La Guardia Trattoria on Pitt Street for four decades. In fact, Joe is still La Guardia’s executive chef although he’ll have a more limited schedule at the restaurant now that the school year has begun. “I’ve got to have some family time,” he said of a busy life shared with wife Tanya, and sons Michael, 9, and Anthony, 6. It was Tanya who suggested Ciliberto give teaching a try. “She saw how I taught the apprentices at the restaurant, my approach and patience and suggested teaching.” So Ciliberto started giving cooking classes through the LCBO and a local grocery store. “I fell in love with it,” he said. He’s going to be awesome, you can just tell. The kids are going to love him. For five years, he was the cooking instructor for a dual-credit course for high school and college students at St. Clair College. Finally, he took the plunge and enrolled fulltime into teachers’ college at the University of Windsor. “It’s been a roller coaster for the last two years,” he said of juggling school, the restaurant and family life. Joe Ciliberto will bring his extensive knowledge of the restaurant business to his new teaching assignment at Western Secondary School. Nick Brancaccio / Windsor Star On the heels of La Guardia celebrating its 40th anniversary in business this past June, Cilberto got a full-time contract with the board. “His enthusiasm and excitement and wanting to come to our school to work with our kids is great,” said Western principal Ange Safranyos. “He’s going to be awesome, you can just tell. The kids are going to love him.” Ciliberto admits to a bit of nerves as the first day of school approaches. “I can’t wait to meet all my new students,” he said. “My goal is to pass on the knowledge I have of the industry and trade. It’s a different setting than college so it’s still a little nerve wracking right now.” To some degree, Ciliberto will be learning right along with his students, since he’s not a pastry chef by trade. “It’s going to be a different avenue but it will be fun to learn a lot of cool techniques. I’m looking forward to helping these students and I want to see them succeed.” Related Successful school youth mentoring program revived with new funding Reader letter: Naming school after Fred Thomas a brilliant suggestion Massey student Saleh earns $100,000 scholarship Vicki Houston, the board’s superintendent of human resources, also came to teaching from industry “so I definitely know the opportunities this provides,” she said. “The students in the hospitality and tourism program will have the opportunity to learn from someone who has worked as a chef in the industry for a number of years and will now bring all of that knowledge and experience into his classroom. We are very fortunate to have Joe.” mcaton@postmedia.com twitter.com/winstarcaton Pain relief potential: UWindsor prof finds fruit fly pain gene New electronic timeline tracks bridge jobs, history This Week's Flyers Comments Postmedia is pleased to bring you a new commenting experience. We are committed to maintaining a lively but civil forum for discussion and encourage all readers to share their views on our articles. Comments may take up to an hour for moderation before appearing on the site. We ask you to keep your comments relevant and respectful. Visit our Community Guidelines for more information. Sign in to Comment Connect With Us Weather Weather Currently Feels Like We want you to have the most accurate weather report you can. Please enter a valid postal code Latest National News World Majority of anti-vaccine ads on Facebook were funded by two groups World Yovanovitch's testimony at impeachment hearings brings moment of reckoning on gender World Trump campaign says it used impeachment hearings to raise $3.1 million in one day Close Daily Headline News Thank you for subscribing to Postmedia's Newsletter. Email By clicking "Submit", I consent to receiving the above communication from Postmedia Network Inc. I understand that I may unsubscribe from these communications at any time. Submit Most Read Jarvis: Pot store decision an end run around democracy | Windsor Star Mayor: New features of Bright Lights Windsor 2019 will excite visitors | Windsor Star CTV, Jess Allen apologize for The Social remarks after Don Cherry firing | Windsor Star Price for floating docks rises 67%, presents council with $2M dilemma | Windsor Star Share this story Executive chef steps to the front of the class Facebook Twitter Reddit Email Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn News All News Local News National World Traffic Business All Business Local Business Energy Technology FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Small Business Opinion All Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Sports All Sports Hockey Football Baseball Basketball Golf Soccer Curling Tennis Auto Racing Arts All Arts Local Arts Movies Television Music Books Celebrity Life Milestones All Life Fashion & Beauty Homes Food From the Vault Health Life By Design Parenting Relationships Royals Travel 365 Bloor St East, Toronto, ON, M4W3L4, www.postmedia.com © 2019 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Classifieds Obits Careers Browse Classifieds Place a Classified Ad Celebrating Driving FlyerCity Local Directory Legal Privacy – Updated Terms Copyright & Permissions Digital Ad Registry Services Advertise With Us Subscribe My Subscription Edit Profile Contact ePaper Digital Access Contests Partnerships Properties Calgary Herald Canada.com Edmonton Journal London Free Press Montreal Gazette National Post Ottawa Citizen Leader-Post (Regina) The StarPhoenix (Saskatoon) The Province (Vancouver) Vancouver Sun
