http://jointphdined.org
Joint PhD in Educational Studies Program | Joint PhD in Educational Studies Skip to main content Home Future Students Application Instructions Application Checklist Qualifying for Admission Admission Process Tuition & Funding Student Services Region Information Apply Now Current Students Program Information & Requirements Degree Requirements Fields of Study Courses & Course Codes Plan of Study Student Appeals The Comprehensive Portfolio The Dissertation Committee Structures Fields of Study and Course Information Registration Continuous Registration Leave of Absence Withdrawals Transfers Residency Forms Student Resources & Technical Support Student Services Libraries Technical Support Graduation & Convocation Dissertations Newsletters Comprehensive Portfolio Portals Summer Session Keynote Speaker 2020 Past Summer Doctoral Presentations Dr. André Grace Summer 2019 Keynote Speaker Dr. Susan Dion Summer 2018 Keynote Speaker Dr. Britzman Summer 2017 Keynote Speaker Dr. Rinaldo Walcott Summer 2016 Keynote Speaker Dr. Barndt Summer 2015 Keynote Speaker Dr. David Smith Summer 2014 Keynote Speaker Dr. Kieran Egan 2013 Keynote Speaker Dr. Kovach 2012 Keynote Speaker Contacts Faculty & Staff Course Information Grading Program Forms IT Help Desks & myCourseLink/D2L Resources Libraries Centres for Teaching & Learning Home University Resources & Recreation Search Apply Now Joint PhD in Educational Studies Program Thank you for your interest in the Joint PhD in Educational Studies Program. Applications for the 2020 academic year are now OPEN. Please click here to apply now. The Joint PhD in Educational Studies is offered by Lakehead University, the University of Windsor and Brock University. In bringing together a high number of qualified faculty with a broad spectrum of expertise and research interests, the program provides enhanced opportunities for depth and breadth in supervisory expertise. As well, it provides opportunities in generating new knowledge and directions in research. With a focus on nurturing students as developing scholars and leaders we promote professional development through collaboration fostering links between schools and universities, and promote partnerships locally, nationally, and internationally. Program Highlights Individualized plan of study Inter-university teams of instructors and supervisory committees Full-time and part-time study (with residency requirements) Face-to-face and web-based instruction Collaboration across universities Comprehensive portfolio - an innovative personalized approach to comprehensive examinations Three Fields of Study Cognition and Learning Educational Leadership and Policy Studies Social/Cultural/Political Contexts of Education Overview: Joint PhD Program Program Handbook Designated Faculty List Applying to the program University Quick Links Lakehead Faculty of Education Lakehead Faculty of Graduate Studies Lakehead Graduate Calendar Lakehead International Students Windsor Faculty of Education Windsor Faculty of Graduate Studies Windsor Graduate Calendar Windsor International Students Brock Faculty of Education Brock Faculty of Graduate Studies Brock Graduate Calendar Brock International Students Joint PhD Administrator: Kristin Grady Email: jointphd@lakeheadu.ca Phone: (807) 343-8891
