http://www.uwindsor.ca/engineering/2019-10-15/engineering-prof-recognized-leader-energy-sustainability
Engineering prof recognized as leader in energy sustainability | Faculty of Engineering Skip to main content University of Windsor Search Enter the terms you wish to search for. Search Support UWindsor CLOSE QUICK LINKS Current Students Blackboard UWinsite Student Faculty + Staff UWinsite Finance Alumni + Donors Industry + Community Partners Faculty of Engineering About Engineering Departments Undergraduate Graduate Research News & Events Current Students About Overview Office of the President Virtual Tour Visitor Information Campus Maps Parking Place of Promise VIEW Magazine Academics Programs Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs International Programs Co-operative Education Continuing Education Support Office of the Registrar Student Awards Office of the Provost Faculties Arts, Humanities, and Social Sciences Law Education Nursing Engineering Business Graduate Studies Human Kinetics Science Research Overview Vice-President, Research & Innovation Research & Innovation Services Research Appointments Research Ethics Research Safety Animal Care Research Finance Leddy Library UWill Discover! EPICentre Student Life Overview UWindsor Events SoCA Concerts & Events Lancers Varsity Sports University Players Athletics + Recreation Services Student Accessibility Services Residence Food Services Student Support Back to Top FUTURE STUDENTS MENU FUTURE STUDENTS Faculty of Engineering About Engineering Departments Undergraduate Graduate Research News & Events Current Students Faculty of Engineering Follow Us: Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Youtube Faculty of Engineering Engineering prof recognized as leader in energy sustainability Engineering prof recognized as leader in energy sustainability What if electric vehicles are in every Canadian driveway? Solar shingles on every roof? What if you purchase your energy from your neighbour and not your utility? His work to advance the nation’s energy economy has won a University of Windsor engineering professor recognition as a Canadian leader in sustainability. Rupp Carriveau was among 50 honourees to receive a Canada Clean50 award during a ceremony on Thursday, Oct. 3, at the Clean50 Summit in Toronto. The awards are distributed annually to thought leaders and advocates and sustainability trailblazers in industry, academia, government. Dr. Carriveau was chosen after a rigorous selection process conducted by search firm Delta Management from a pool of approximately 750 nominees across Canada. Carriveau was recognized for founding the Climate Led Energy Evolution Network 2040, CLEEN2040, meant to increase awareness of operational, financial, and environmental opportunities for optimization of Canada’s energy economy. He has also partnered with Hydrostor for an Innovations in Energy Storage research project that has improved existing grid-scale energy storage and enabled the business case for two new bulk energy storage facilities in Goderich, Ontario, and Strathalbyn, Australia. Additionally, Carriveau’s work on the YR21 Wind Farm Life Extension program is revealing the profitability of life extension for owners of well-maintained wind farm assets. “The Clean50 come from a very broad array of backgrounds, such that only a few individuals are able to be recognized within any given category,” says Gavin Pitchford, CEO, Delta Management Group. “To receive a Clean50 award is truly indicative of Rupp’s leadership, both within his sector and within the category in which Rupp was named: Research and Development.” 2019 News Archive Civil and Environmental Engineering Academic Area: Engineering Civil and Environmental Engineering — Published on Oct 15th, 2019 share tweet save Follow Us: Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Youtube share tweet save Contact Us University Directory Accessibility News Services for Media UWindsor mobile apps Terms & Conditions Policies Manage UWin Account Emergency Services for Students Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Facebook Follow us on LinkedIn Follow us on Flickr Follow us on Youtube Follow us on Instagram
