https://www.uwindsor.ca/engineering/495/go-eng-girl
Go ENG Girl | Faculty of Engineering Skip to main content University of Windsor Search Enter the terms you wish to search for. Search Support UWindsor CLOSE QUICK LINKS Current Students Blackboard UWinsite Student Faculty + Staff UWinsite Finance Alumni + Donors Industry + Community Partners Faculty of Engineering About Engineering Departments Undergraduate Graduate Research News & Events Current Students About Overview Office of the President Virtual Tour Visitor Information Campus Maps Parking Place of Promise VIEW Magazine Academics Programs Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs International Programs Co-operative Education Continuing Education Support Office of the Registrar Student Awards Office of the Provost Faculties Arts, Humanities, and Social Sciences Law Education Nursing Engineering Business Graduate Studies Human Kinetics Science Research Overview Vice-President, Research & Innovation Research & Innovation Services Research Appointments Research Ethics Research Safety Animal Care Research Finance Leddy Library UWill Discover! EPICentre Student Life Overview UWindsor Events SoCA Concerts & Events Lancers Varsity Sports University Players Athletics + Recreation Services Student Accessibility Services Residence Food Services Student Support Back to Top FUTURE STUDENTS MENU FUTURE STUDENTS Faculty of Engineering About Engineering Departments Undergraduate Graduate Research News & Events Current Students Home Engineering Outreach Program Girl Guide Badge Day Go ENG Girl Go CODE Girl Engineering Summer Camp CodENG Outreach Homepage Girl Guide Badge Day Go ENG Girl Go CODE Girl Engineering Summer Camp CodENG Outreach Homepage Follow Us: Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Youtube Faculty of Engineering Home Engineering Outreach Program Go ENG Girl Go ENG Girl The University of Windsor’s Faculty of Engineering invites Grade 7 to 10 girls to explore the field of engineering at its annual Go ENG Girl event on Nov. 16, 2019. Sponsored by the Ontario Network of Women in Engineering, Go ENG Girl is an opportunity for Grade 7 to 10 girls and their guardians to visit campus and learn from female professionals, academics and students who are excelling in engineering. The free event features hands-on activities and informative parent sessions between 8:30 a.m. and 12:30 p.m. at the Ed Lumley Centre for Engineering Innovation on 2285 Wyandotte St. W. Saturday, Nov. 16, 2019 8:30 a.m. – 12:30 p.m. University of Windsor – Faculty of Engineering Ed Lumley Centre for Engineering Innovation 2285 Wyandotte St. W. Windsor, Ont. Registration is FULL Event Flyer Agenda Parking Pass Parental Permission Form Feedback Form Please note, parking passes must be clearly displayed on the dashboard of the vehicle. Ways to obtain a free parking pass to display on your car dashboard on the day of the event: Print the parking pass Print the parking pass from the Go Eng Girl Registration page Pick up a parking pass from the registration table in engineering on the day of the event For more information, phone 519-253-3000 ext. 2560 or email: winone@uwindsor.ca. share tweet save Follow Us: Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Youtube share tweet save Contact Us University Directory Accessibility News Services for Media UWindsor mobile apps Terms & Conditions Policies Manage UWin Account Emergency Services for Students Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Facebook Follow us on LinkedIn Follow us on Flickr Follow us on Youtube Follow us on Instagram
