http://odette.uwindsor.ca/307/graduate
Odette Graduate Services | Odette School of Business Skip to main content University of Windsor Search Enter the terms you wish to search for. Search Support UWindsor CLOSE QUICK LINKS Current Students Blackboard UWinsite Student Faculty + Staff UWinsite Finance Alumni + Donors Industry + Community Partners Odette School of Business About Odette Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs News & Events Current Students Alumni Support Odette Faculty & Research About Overview Office of the President Virtual Tour Visitor Information Campus Maps Parking Place of Promise VIEW Magazine Academics Programs Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs International Programs Co-operative Education Continuing Education Support Office of the Registrar Student Awards Office of the Provost Faculties Arts, Humanities, and Social Sciences Law Education Nursing Engineering Business Graduate Studies Human Kinetics Science Research Overview Vice-President, Research & Innovation Research & Innovation Services Research Appointments Research Ethics Research Safety Animal Care Research Finance Leddy Library UWill Discover! EPICentre Student Life Overview UWindsor Events SoCA Concerts & Events Lancers Varsity Sports University Players Athletics + Recreation Services Student Accessibility Services Residence Food Services Student Support Back to Top FUTURE STUDENTS ask.UWindsor MENU ask.UWindsor FUTURE STUDENTS Odette School of Business About Odette Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs News & Events Current Students Alumni Support Odette Faculty & Research Odette School of Business In this section Home About Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs MBA (Full-Time) MBA - PAS MBA - M&P Master of Management How to Apply Visit Odette Faculty & Research Staff Current Students Centres and Partnerships News and Events Alumni Support Odette Home About Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs MBA (Full-Time) MBA - PAS MBA - M&P Master of Management How to Apply Visit Odette Faculty & Research Staff Current Students Centres and Partnerships News and Events Alumni Support Odette Odette School of Business Odette Graduate Services Odette Graduate Services The Odette graduate programs have a class culture like no other. Supportive, collective and familial are all terms in which our program atmosphere has been described. You will notice the personal touch and attention to detail from the first contact as an applicant through to the time you join our alumni and beyond. Our small, 'boutique' programs allow for this high touch interaction leading to strong and lasting bonds with your fellow students, alumni, administration, and the region as a whole. We are committed to building and strengthening these ties through countless networking and alumni opportunities. The Odette MBA is a customized program that is tailored to suit a student’s specific career needs. The Odette experience includes learning in an environment that is truly collaborative, engaging and motivating. The Odette MBA provides the setting where students have the opportunity to apply what is learned in the classroom to real-world practical settings, which allows for greater and richer development of essential business skills and capabilities, ensuring students are well prepared for any business challenge and career aspiration following graduation. The Master of Management program will provide you with unique and thorough business knowledge that will serve as a foundation throughout your career. The Master of Management program will prepare you for a leadership role in the international business world. Our graduates have pursued careers in Accounting, Finance, Human Resources Management, and Logistics and Supply Chain Management. They have obtained employment with both private industry and public institutions, both in Canada and abroad. The Odette MBA Professional Accounting Specialization (PAS) is designed to develop technical knowledge, interpersonal and communication skills as well as critical thinking and professional decision-making ability, all required to excel in complex work environments. Students can complete the program within 12 months. Students graduating from the program will hold an MBA degree and be ready to write CPA Ontario’s Common Final Exam (CFE). Fully accredited by CPA Canada, MBA-PAS students who have successfully completed the program will be able to write the CFE without requiring further preparation. Targeted at mid-career professionals, the MBA for Managers and Professionals (M&P) is optimized for students to maintain their current career while building the skills and knowledge necessary for leadership positions in the 21st-century business environment. The Odette MBA M&P operates during the Fall and Winter semesters, summers will be free from classes and classwork. This is to provide students the ability to balance Work – Life – MBA. share tweet save share tweet save Contact Us University Directory Accessibility News Services for Media UWindsor mobile apps Terms & Conditions Policies Manage UWin Account Emergency Services for Students Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Facebook Follow us on LinkedIn Follow us on Flickr Follow us on Youtube Follow us on Instagram
