https://odette.uwindsor.ca/406/sue-skrobiak-award-excellence
Sue Skrobiak Award for Excellence | Odette School of Business Skip to main content University of Windsor Search Enter the terms you wish to search for. Search Support UWindsor CLOSE QUICK LINKS Current Students Blackboard UWinsite Student Faculty + Staff UWinsite Finance Alumni + Donors Industry + Community Partners Odette School of Business About Odette Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs News & Events Current Students Alumni Support Odette Faculty & Research About Overview Office of the President Virtual Tour Visitor Information Campus Maps Parking Place of Promise VIEW Magazine Academics Programs Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs International Programs Co-operative Education Continuing Education Support Office of the Registrar Student Awards Office of the Provost Faculties Arts, Humanities, and Social Sciences Law Education Nursing Engineering Business Graduate Studies Human Kinetics Science Research Overview Vice-President, Research & Innovation Research & Innovation Services Research Appointments Research Ethics Research Safety Animal Care Research Finance Leddy Library UWill Discover! EPICentre Student Life Overview UWindsor Events SoCA Concerts & Events Lancers Varsity Sports University Players Athletics + Recreation Services Student Accessibility Services Residence Food Services Student Support Back to Top FUTURE STUDENTS ask.UWindsor MENU ask.UWindsor FUTURE STUDENTS Odette School of Business About Odette Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs News & Events Current Students Alumni Support Odette Faculty & Research Odette School of Business Support Odette Home About Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs Visit Odette Faculty & Research Staff Current Students Centres and Partnerships News and Events Alumni Support Odette Sue Skrobiak Award for Excellence Home About Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs Visit Odette Faculty & Research Staff Current Students Centres and Partnerships News and Events Alumni Support Odette Sue Skrobiak Award for Excellence Odette School of Business Support Odette Sue Skrobiak Award for Excellence Sue Skrobiak Award for Excellence Dear Friends of the Odette School of Business: This past November, the Odette School of Business lost a beloved colleague and friend who gave 40 years of her life to our M.B.A. students and the Faculty of Business. Sue Skrobiak left us many treasured memories, strong reasons for celebration and a call to action. Rather than dwell on our deep sadness, we wish to honour and continue Sue’s rich legacy of service by recognizing those who best reflect her work. As the centrepiece of the celebration, we announce the new Sue Skrobiak Award for Excellence. The Skrobiak Award will be presented annually to a recipient who has positively impacted the Odette School of Business MBA Program for a sustained period. Award recipients can take a number of forms— an alumnus of the program, a past Odette faculty or staff member, or an engaged individual or organization. The Sue Skrobiak Award for Excellence will be bestowed in a special way as well, at the Odette Dean’s Dinner, the culmination of the fall MBA Orientation and an event that Sue cherished. Those at the heart of Sue’s attention, our students, have also not been forgotten. An annual bursary will be given to a deserving MBA student in honour of the Sue Skrobiak Award for Excellence recipient. The recognized student, like Sue, will be that rare individual who combines leading performance with an abiding commitment to the Odette M.B.A. and to the broad group of people it touches. How can you help? The staff and faculty of the Odette School of Business are developing a fund, the Sue Skrobiak Award for Excellence Endowment, in her memory. Our goal is to establish an endowed award to ensure that the Sue Skrobiak Award for Excellence is a permanent and fitting reminder of her esteemed legacy. Donations generously given beyond the target will be directed to other worthy causes related to the Odette M.B.A. Program and its students. For example, priority will be given to the refurbishment of the Odette MBA student lounge. This space will then be renamed in honour of Sue, in a ceremony to take place upon the work’s completion. Any additional funds will be directed thereafter to appropriate activities and projects like MBA case competitions, MBA leadership forums, and updates to the main MBA classroom within the Odette School of Business. I invite you now to make a gift in honour of Sue. Please assist us in commemorating and continuing the work she loved and so many appreciated. Simply choose one of the three options listed, and remember that your support is the key to an enduring celebration. Sincerely, Dr. Mitchell W. Fields, Dean, Odette School of Business Please ensure that online donations are clearly intended for the Sue Skrobiak Endowment Fund. Similarly, make cheques payable to the University of Windsor while referencing the Sue Skrobiak Endowment Fund on the memo line. U.S. residents who donate to the Odette School of Business can receive a U.S. Tax receipt. Please make your donation payable to our U.S. Foundation, “Friends of the University of Windsor.” Again, clearly, state that your monies are intended for the Sue Skrobiak Endowment Fund. By Mail The Odette School of Business Attention: Kelly Gosselin 401 Sunset Avenue Windsor, Ontario N9B 3P4 By Telephone Please call Kelly Gosselin Odette School of Business 519-253-3000 ext. 3137 Online DONATE NOW Update your University of Windsor Alumni information share tweet save share tweet save Contact Us University Directory Accessibility News Services for Media UWindsor mobile apps Terms & Conditions Policies Manage UWin Account Emergency Services for Students Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Facebook Follow us on LinkedIn Follow us on Flickr Follow us on Youtube Follow us on Instagram
