http://www.uwindsor.ca/humankinetics/308/welcome
Welcome | Faculty of Human Kinetics Skip to main content University of Windsor Search Enter the terms you wish to search for. Search Support UWindsor CLOSE QUICK LINKS Current Students Blackboard UWinsite Student Faculty + Staff UWinsite Finance Alumni + Donors Industry + Community Partners Faculty of Human Kinetics About HK Kinesiology Undergraduate Graduate Research Centres Athletics & Rec Alumni News & Events Support HK About Overview Office of the President Virtual Tour Visitor Information Campus Maps Parking Place of Promise VIEW Magazine Academics Programs Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs International Programs Co-operative Education Continuing Education Support Office of the Registrar Student Awards Office of the Provost Faculties Arts, Humanities, and Social Sciences Law Education Nursing Engineering Business Graduate Studies Human Kinetics Science Research Overview Vice-President, Research & Innovation Research & Innovation Services Research Appointments Research Ethics Research Safety Animal Care Research Finance Leddy Library UWill Discover! EPICentre Student Life Overview UWindsor Events SoCA Concerts & Events Lancers Varsity Sports University Players Athletics + Recreation Services Student Accessibility Services Residence Food Services Student Support Back to Top FUTURE STUDENTS ask.UWindsor MENU ask.UWindsor FUTURE STUDENTS Faculty of Human Kinetics About HK Kinesiology Undergraduate Graduate Research Centres Athletics & Rec Alumni News & Events Support HK Faculty of Human Kinetics Faculty of Human Kinetics In this section Welcome HK & Lancers History HK Staff Equity Committee Contact HK Department of Kinesiology Lancers Athletics Lancers Recreation Alumni Support HK Social Media Centre for Human Performance and Health Contact Kin Welcome HK & Lancers History HK Staff Equity Committee Contact HK Department of Kinesiology Lancers Athletics Lancers Recreation Alumni Support HK Social Media Centre for Human Performance and Health Contact Kin UWindsor Home Faculty of Human Kinetics Welcome Welcome Welcome to the Faculty of Human Kinetics. The top priority in the Faculty of Human Kinetics is the success of our students. We have an outstanding reputation for producing graduates who are amongst the very best in Canada. It is certainly an exciting time for the Faculty given the recent influx of academic appointments and major investment in facilities. The energy and enthusiasm in the faculty is outstanding. In both the Department of Kinesiology and Department of Athletics and Recreation Services we strive for the highest of standards in a manner that is enjoyable for students, faculty and staff. In the pursuit of teaching, research and sporting excellence, it is our people and teamwork that count more than anything else. Both undergraduate and postgraduate programs are student-centered and research driven to foster lifelong learning. Students are encouraged to extend their university experience beyond the classroom to both campus and community activities. The quality of university education has a major impact on future careers and it is our goal to prepare students for the opportunities and challenges that lie ahead. Sincerely, Dr. Michael A. Khan Dean, Faculty of Human Kinetics share tweet save share tweet save Contact Us University Directory Accessibility News Services for Media UWindsor mobile apps Terms & Conditions Policies Manage UWin Account Emergency Services for Students Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Facebook Follow us on LinkedIn Follow us on Flickr Follow us on Youtube Follow us on Instagram
