http://www.uwindsor.ca/kinesiology/462/graduate-programs
Graduate | Kinesiology Skip to main content University of Windsor Search Enter the terms you wish to search for. Search Support UWindsor CLOSE QUICK LINKS Current Students Blackboard UWinsite Student Faculty + Staff UWinsite Finance Alumni + Donors Industry + Community Partners Faculty of Human Kinetics About HK Kinesiology Undergraduate Graduate Research Centres Athletics & Rec Alumni News & Events Support HK About Overview Office of the President Virtual Tour Visitor Information Campus Maps Parking Place of Promise VIEW Magazine Academics Programs Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs International Programs Co-operative Education Continuing Education Support Office of the Registrar Student Awards Office of the Provost Faculties Arts, Humanities, and Social Sciences Law Education Nursing Engineering Business Graduate Studies Human Kinetics Science Research Overview Vice-President, Research & Innovation Research & Innovation Services Research Appointments Research Ethics Research Safety Animal Care Research Finance Leddy Library UWill Discover! EPICentre Student Life Overview UWindsor Events SoCA Concerts & Events Lancers Varsity Sports University Players Athletics + Recreation Services Student Accessibility Services Residence Food Services Student Support Back to Top FUTURE STUDENTS ask.UWindsor MENU ask.UWindsor FUTURE STUDENTS Faculty of Human Kinetics About HK Kinesiology Undergraduate Graduate Research Centres Athletics & Rec Alumni News & Events Support HK Kinesiology Kinesiology Top About Kinesiology HK & Kin Events Undergraduate Graduate Master of Human Kinetics PhD in Kinesiology Our Students Our Faculty and Staff Research Labs & Centres Alumni Experiential Learning Social Media Apply to Kinesiology Faculty of Human Kinetics About Kinesiology HK & Kin Events Undergraduate Graduate Master of Human Kinetics PhD in Kinesiology Our Students Our Faculty and Staff Research Labs & Centres Alumni Experiential Learning Social Media Apply to Kinesiology Faculty of Human Kinetics UWindsor Home Kinesiology Top Graduate Graduate The Department of Kinesiology, in the Faculty of Human Kinetics, offers a Master of Human Kinetics (M.H.K.) degree, as well as a Ph.D. program in Kinesiology. Master of Human Kinetics The program offers concentration in either Applied Human Performance (sport and exercise psychology, biomechanics and ergonomics, exercise physiology, motor learning and control, lifespan development) or Sport Management (leadership, organizational behaviour, community development, sport finance and economics, sport and the law, sport sociology, sport history, sport marketing). The program is uniquely structured to offer both a research thesis stream and an internship stream. The internship stream provides students with hands-on work experience to complement their coursework. Our program is well established with 21 graduate faculty members supervising 80 M.H.K. students. There are several well-funded laboratories and research groups supporting student research. Deadline Date for Fall (September start): February 1 To be considered for an Entrance Scholarship. Deadline Date for Winter (January start): September 1 Students must submit a complete application package, including referee reports To be considered for an Entrance Scholarship. Deadline Date for Summer (May start): January 1 Students must submit a complete application package, including referee reports To be considered for an Entrance Scholarship. Ph.D. in Kinesiology The foundation of our Ph.D. program in Kinesiology is a community-based focus recognized as ensuring the well-being of both individuals and the collective at the local, national, and international levels. Graduates will be prepared to provide the resources necessary to sustain the community and will be able to supply current, novel ideas, and knowledge. This community-based focus in a Kinesiology program is not represented in any other existing program in Canada. Students will be required to complete four courses, one of which is a community-based internship. The internship will encourage the integration of our students into ongoing community initiatives, enhance responsibility for meeting the needs of others while improving the overall well-being of Canadians, and encourage students to utilize previously acquired skills while gaining new skills, appropriate to their internship setting. The targeted steady-state student enrolment for the PhD Program in Kinesiology is sixteen doctoral students. Deadline Date for Fall: February 1 Dr. Jess Dixon - Graduate Coordinator For more information email: hkgrad@uwindsor.ca share tweet save Faculty/ Department News UWindsor Researchers aim to improve lives of cardiac patients Student-Athletes named as Academic All-Canadians Sefu Berard (BHK 2000), Director of Player Development for Washington Mystics who won the WNBA Championship for the first time in franchise's history. Francesco Biondi - Research Aims to Reduce Collision Risks in Partially Automated Vehicles Matthew Krause receives funding from CIBC Terry Eddy on CBC Radio Biondi featured on National Radio Read the Annual Newsletter Woodruff leads study on youth physical fitness levels LSRC renderings revealed Undergrad News Mohammad El-Nassar, 4th yr HK student creates new company Sephton appointed as student leader Students win Gold at UWill Discover Kin recieves top student satisfacton scores Grad News Katie Hirsch among three recipients of the $5,000 Athena Scholarship sponsored by the Windsor-Essex Regional Chamber of Commerence OGS & QEII-GSST Competition 2020-2021 Alex Cyr - Correspondent of the Year MHK Ranks Top in Canada Students tour Olympic venues Department of Kinesiology graduates first PhD candidate Library Resources Sharon Munro HK Librarian Upcoming Events Matthew Varga's MHK Thesis Proposal, "Validation of the TOPS-2 Questionnaire in Youth Athletes with a Disability". RM HK 144 Wed, 11/27/2019 - 10:00 share tweet save Contact Us University Directory Accessibility News Services for Media UWindsor mobile apps Terms & Conditions Policies Manage UWin Account Emergency Services for Students Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Facebook Follow us on LinkedIn Follow us on Flickr Follow us on Youtube Follow us on Instagram
