https://www.uwindsor.ca/campustransformation/345/lsrc-overview
LSRC Overview | Campus Transformation Skip to main content University of Windsor Search Enter the terms you wish to search for. Search Support UWindsor CLOSE QUICK LINKS Current Students Blackboard UWinsite Student Faculty + Staff UWinsite Finance Alumni + Donors Industry + Community Partners About Overview Office of the President Virtual Tour Visitor Information Campus Maps Parking Place of Promise VIEW Magazine Academics Programs Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs International Programs Co-operative Education Continuing Education Support Office of the Registrar Student Awards Office of the Provost Faculties Arts, Humanities, and Social Sciences Law Education Nursing Engineering Business Graduate Studies Human Kinetics Science Research Overview Vice-President, Research & Innovation Research & Innovation Services Research Appointments Research Ethics Research Safety Animal Care Research Finance Leddy Library UWill Discover! EPICentre Student Life Overview UWindsor Events SoCA Concerts & Events Lancers Varsity Sports University Players Athletics + Recreation Services Student Accessibility Services Residence Food Services Student Support Back to Top FUTURE STUDENTS ask.UWindsor MENU ask.UWindsor FUTURE STUDENTS Campus Transformation Campus Transformation In this section Lancer Sport and Recreation Centre LSRC Overview LSRC FAQs LSRC News LSRC Architectural Renderings LSRC Site Plans Video Walkthrough Feedback on Proposed Design << Back to Main Menu Lancer Sport and Recreation Centre LSRC Overview LSRC FAQs LSRC News LSRC Architectural Renderings LSRC Site Plans Video Walkthrough Feedback on Proposed Design << Back to Main Menu UWindsor Home Campus Transformation LSRC Overview LSRC Overview The $73 million Lancer Sport and Recreation Centre (LSRC) will offer a modern space to foster athletic excellence and support quality recreational services for thousands of students and the community at large. Among its many features, the completed LSRC will include: A fitness area triple the size of the current facility A new eight-lane pool Refurbished soccer fields, cricket pitch, and perimeter running trail An outdoor artificial turf field Three basketball/volleyball courts/gymnasium, with seating for more than 2,500 Beach volleyball, basketball and ball hockey courts Refurbished Fieldhouse Several multipurpose areas & student club rooms Social spaces and a food outlet More opportunity for indoor racquet sports UWindsor strives to provide an inspiring and inclusive environment that encourages excellence in all areas of human potential. The University has a proud history of creating champions and has captured numerous provincial and national titles with several of its athletes and coaches receiving national recognition. As well, UWindsor recreational programs have been recognized for diversity in programming, leadership and overall student wellness. Strategic Priorities Create a community space for students that blends academic, recreational and social activities Enhance UWindsor reputation by promoting campus spirit and an exceptional student experience Create a facility in which high-performance sport and recreational activities can co-exist Increase capacity and diversity in our programs and activities Widen the gateway between the University and the Windsor-Essex community On-campus Recreation Facility users 8000 recreation students 350 varsity athletes Academic programs (Kinesiology, Nursing, Engineering, Business) 400 student employees Faculty/staff University events (Convocation) Community events Community Campus Recreation Facility users International Children’s Games Ontario Summer Games OFSAA, SWOSSAA, WECSSAA Ontario Provincial Gymnastic Championships Youth Science Canada First Robotics Canada Windsor Essex County Health Unit (Active Aging) LAWS (Girls in Motion) Local school boards Local sports clubs Summer camps Testimonials “The Lancer Sport and Recreation Centre is the University of Windsor's most important capital project. Not only is its success critical for the mental and physical health of its students, and the success of its varsity teams; but also for the very reputation of the school. For Windsor to attract future students, and to ensure that they have a complete educational experience this project simply must get done.” ~ Dr. Richard Peddie (BComm, ’70, Former President & CEO, Maple Leaf Sports & Entertainment). “The new Human Kinetics expansion will not only elevate the profile of the University in our community, drawing all ages to participate in a wide range of activities, but it will showcase the University for visitors and prospective students, making the University of Windsor a desired destination for post-secondary and graduate studies. The new facility has the potential to draw more provincial, national and international events and serves to promote Windsor as a University of Excellence. ~ Andrea Steen, MD, (BHK ’79, DPN ’82), Former Olympian; Vice-President, Medical Affairs, Hotel-Dieu Grace Hospital. “The importance of this project cannot be underestimated in terms of moving forward in concert with other enhancements of the University. The St. Denis Centre has and will continue to be a student hub of the campus and a venue to provide opportunities in sport, recreation and academic achievement.” ~ Dennis Hastings (BHK ’75, B.Ed ’76), Director, St. Denis Centre 1985-95; Executive Director, Facility Services (retired). “I know this new facility will enhance the student experience for all students as well as our athletes. I feel this project is my chance to "pay it forward" and say "thank you" to the University of Windsor for giving me my working career in education. ~ Jean Wright (BA ’71, BEd ’72), President, University of Windsor Alumni Association Board of Directors. “As an alumnus, class of ’81, when I look back on our decision to support the building of the existing St. Denis Centre I take pride in what we voted for and what was accomplished. The next step in upgrading the existing facility is something that you should all take pride in. Think ahead and someday in the future you can proudly boast that you were instrumental in having a hand in the new upgraded facilities at the University of Windsor. I do that every time I walk into the existing St. Denis Centre.” ~ Sam Romano (B.Comm ’81), Senior Manager Commercial Cards, RBC Financial Group. “The Lancer Sport and Recreation Centre will enhance the university’s reputation and student experience by promoting student-athlete ambitions, an active lifestyle approach to well-being and a sense of community among students, faculty, staff, and the Windsor-Essex region.” ~ Dr. Michael Khan, Dean, Faculty of Human Kinetics. Cost Structure The Ontario MAESD (Ministry of Advanced Education and Skills Development) does not provide capital funding to universities or colleges for sport and recreation facilities. Capital Costs Student Support – 75% ($55M) University Support – 25% ($18M) Operating Costs University Support – 100% (projected $1M/year, over $50M for 40 years) share tweet save share tweet save Contact Us University Directory Accessibility News Services for Media UWindsor mobile apps Terms & Conditions Policies Manage UWin Account Emergency Services for Students Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Facebook Follow us on LinkedIn Follow us on Flickr Follow us on Youtube Follow us on Instagram
