http://www.uwindsor.ca/dailynews/2018-06-29/publication-ranks-uwindsor-mhk-program-top-canada
Publication ranks UWindsor MHK program top in Canada | DailyNews Skip to main content University of Windsor Search Enter the terms you wish to search for. Search Support UWindsor CLOSE QUICK LINKS Current Students Blackboard UWinsite Student Faculty + Staff UWinsite Finance Alumni + Donors Industry + Community Partners About Overview Office of the President Virtual Tour Visitor Information Campus Maps Parking Place of Promise VIEW Magazine Academics Programs Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs International Programs Co-operative Education Continuing Education Support Office of the Registrar Student Awards Office of the Provost Faculties Arts, Humanities, and Social Sciences Law Education Nursing Engineering Business Graduate Studies Human Kinetics Science Research Overview Vice-President, Research & Innovation Research & Innovation Services Research Appointments Research Ethics Research Safety Animal Care Research Finance Leddy Library UWill Discover! EPICentre Student Life Overview UWindsor Events SoCA Concerts & Events Lancers Varsity Sports University Players Athletics + Recreation Services Student Accessibility Services Residence Food Services Student Support Back to Top FUTURE STUDENTS ask.UWindsor MENU ask.UWindsor FUTURE STUDENTS DailyNews DailyNews In this section Top Stories Current Issue All Stories DailyNews Archive Search DailyNews by date Search DailyNews by topic Contact DailyNews Subscription Top Stories Current Issue All Stories DailyNews Archive Search DailyNews by date Search DailyNews by topic Contact DailyNews Subscription Sport management grad Teal Gove (MHK 2018) at the Canadian Olympic Committee where she completed her internship. Publication ranks UWindsor MHK program top in Canada Jul 3rd, 2018 The Master of Human Kinetics, Sport Management major (MHK SM) has been ranked the best postgraduate sports business program in Canada and in the world’s top 25 by SportBusiness International. UWindsor’s offering ranked seventh among all non-U.S. schools and is the only Canadian school ranked by the U.K.-based trade publication. SportBusiness International used the class of 2015 as the benchmark to measure the programs. Graduate co-ordinator and sport management professor Jess Dixon credits the hard work and dedication of faculty, staff, and students in helping the program earn the recognition. “We have an outstanding group of faculty members who are supported by tremendous staff,” says Dixon. “Each member of our team aims to ensure the best possible academic experience for our students.” The efforts placed on student experience were not lost on the more than 1,300 survey respondents. UWindsor placed particularly high in student satisfaction, value of program, employment rate, and gender diversity. The MHK in Sport Management program allows students to complete their degree through internship or thesis pathways. Dr. Dixon says he often cites this flexibility as one of the hallmarks of the program. “Students have the option to pursue a practitioner-based education or a more traditional graduate pathway through the thesis route,” he says. “In each pathway, students are exposed to a diverse, research-based education that provides them with multiple lenses through which to examine the sports management landscape.” Milana McNamee, a graduate of the class of 2015, cites the MHK degree as the biggest stepping stone to her current role as athlete services retention co-ordinator in high performance athletics at Queen’s University. “The MHK program allowed me to research topics that sparked my interest, gain real-world experience, and make connections within the community,” McNamee says. As well, she worked as an intern with the 2014 Ontario Summer Games and held a position as sport operations manager with the FINA World Swimming Championship held in Windsor in 2015. Dean of Human Kinetics Michael Khan says he is pleased with his faculty’s impressive showing: “I am proud that our programs reflect the values of our faculty, staff and administration.” Visit https://www.uwindsor.ca/kinesiology/462/graduate-programs for more information on the award. For details on graduate programs, contact Sharon Horne at shorne@windsor.ca or visit www.uwindsor.ca/hk. Ryan Donally Jess Dixon Milana McNamee Teal Gove Michael Khan Academic Area: Graduate Studies Human Kinetics share tweet save In Memoriam Campus mourns death of retired psychology professor Meyer Starr Internal Job Postings Nov 15, 2019 - Receptionist - Student Health, Counselling and Wellness '8' in the Department of Student Health, Counselling & Wellness Nov 13, 2019 - Serials & Bindery Control Clerk '6' in the Law Library (Temporary until approximately June 5, 2020) Nov 12, 2019 - Secretary to the Head '7' in the Department of Electrical & Computer Engineering Internal/External Job Postings Nov 14, 2019 - Temporary Part Time ESL Instructor in the Centre for English Language Development (up to 24 hrs/week for the approximate period Jan 9 to April 10, 2020) Nov 12, 2019 - Application Server Administrator (Peoplesoft) Tentative Classification "VI" in the Department of IT Services Nov 7, 2019 - Accessibility Manager in the Office of Human Rights, Equity and Accessibility Nov 7, 2019 - Team Leader - Chemical Control Centre Classification "VII" in the Chemical Control Centre / Health & Safety Department IT Services Resolved: Spam Email Nov 13, 2019 Resolved: Network Maintenance Sep 12 6:00-7:30am Sep 11, 2019 Intermittent Printing Issues Aug 1, 2019 Blackboard unavailable Thu Aug 01 5-7am Jul 31, 2019 Network Maintenance - July 25th - Update Jul 25, 2019 Project Notifications Biology Building-326A & 326B Upgrades/Installation of Dual Duct Mixing Boxes, November 19-21, 2019, 8:30am-4:30pm CAW Student Centre/Vanier Hall-Semi Annual Kitchen Fire Support System Inspections, December 16-18, 2019, 8:00am-4:00pm Chrysler Hall Tower/University Computer Centre/Essex Hall -Chemical Control Centre/Energy Conversion Centre-Semi Annual Fire Suppression Inspections, December 16-18, 2019, 8:00am-4:00pm Lambton Tower-G115 Water Leaks Investigation, November 11-15, 2019, 8:30am-4:30pm St. Denis Fieldhouse/Human Kinetics/Forge Fitness/Stadium-Lancer Sport and Recreation Centre (LSRC) Project (Parking/Access), November 11, 2019-March 31, 2020, 7:00am-5:00pm More share tweet save Contact Us University Directory Accessibility News Services for Media UWindsor mobile apps Terms & Conditions Policies Manage UWin Account Emergency Services for Students Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Facebook Follow us on LinkedIn Follow us on Flickr Follow us on Youtube Follow us on Instagram
