https://my.uwindsor.ca/web/uw/so/login
Main - myuwindsor Sign In Contact Us Navigation Main Skip to Content Breadcrumbs myuwindsor Main UWindsor Daily News News Items All invited to celebrate research group’s 30th birthday The Humanities Research Group will celebrate its 30th birthday at a public reception Friday, Nov. 15. 18 hours ago Lunchtime soup samplers to support charity campaign Taste eight soups for $8 during the Great Faculty Soup-off, Nov. 26 in the student centre. 18 hours ago Month advancing access to career services November is Canada Career Month, and the team in Career Development & Experiential Learning is celebrating. 18 hours ago Pulmonary health subject of wellness newsletter The November 2019 edition of Workplace Wellness E-Digest offers tips to keep your lungs healthy. 18 hours ago Libraries to extend hours for end-of-semester study Campus libraries will provide an assist to exam studying by extending hours. 18 hours ago Campus mourns death of retired psychology professor Meyer Starr Campus flags will be lowered Friday, Nov. 15, in memory of retired psychology professor Meyer Starr, who died Sept. 16. Dr. Starr joined ... 1 day ago Humanities fellow to host play discussion on millennial representation Drama professor Michelle MacArthur will host a staged reading Thursday as part of Humanities Week. 2 days ago Celebration of Nations organizers issue call for displays Sign up now to set up a cultural display during the Celebration of Nations on March 19, 2020. 2 days ago Winter sports on weekend agenda Lancer basketball will host the Ridgebacks of Ontario Tech in a doubleheader Friday, Nov. 15, to open a full weekend of varsity sports. 2 days ago Deadline approaching in campus photo competition The Beautiful UWindsor photo contest will close Nov. 19. 2 days ago Bookstore News News Items Course Material Refund Deadline Classes starting on January 6, the course material refund deadline is January 17, 2020. Regular Store Hours Regular Store Hours - Monday-Friday 9 am to 5 pm Textbook Buyback - Sell your books! Use our Buyback online search tool to register your used books or newly purchased textbooks. You will be notified automatically by email ... ITS Hot News News Items Changes to funding requirements prompt move to raise awareness of research data management Campus researchers are invited to take part in Research Data Management Day on Tuesday, Nov. 26, in the Student Research Collaboratory at... 4 days ago Survey to measure impact of cybersecurity awareness campaign With the end of national cybersecurity month, staff in Information Technology Services look back on a successful awareness campaign focus... 2 weeks ago IT issues cautionary warning: avoid sharks while surfing on the web As much as 56 percent of email is spam, 40 percent of websites are fake, and 21 percent of phone apps are malicious, says Kevin Macnaught... 3 weeks ago GlobalProtect Update - Thursday October 24, 2019 The current version of GlobalProtect client 4.0.6, will be replaced Thursday, October 24th, 2019 by version 5.0.5, which offers support f... 3 weeks ago Passwords are key to cybersecurity, advises IT Services Love them or hate them, passwords have become part of daily life, says Kevin Macnaughton, team leader security in Information Technology ... 1 month ago Free session to train UWindsor employees in website management system A free class Tuesday, Oct. 22, will teach the basics of the Drupal content management system to staff and faculty responsible for maintai... 1 month ago Cybersecurity Awareness Month: How to Spot Phishing Attempts The University is targeted with fraudulent e-mails on a daily basis. Readers need to be constantly alert to the possibility that an e-mai... 1 month ago IT Services outlines online security attacks Over the past year, the University has been the victim of online security attacks. 2 months ago Eduroam - The Preferred Wireless Network When you connect your wireless WIFI device (phone/PC/Mac) to the network, you will see the available wireless networks listed which you c... 2 months ago Campaign to raise awareness of cybersecurity issues A new campaign on campus aims to bring awareness of cybersecurity issues that affect faculty, staff, and students. Led by Information Tec... 2 months ago ©2013 University of Windsor | 401 Sunset Avenue | Windsor, Ontario N9B 3P4 | 519-253-3000 | (my2)
