https://www.uwindsor.ca/dailynews/2019-07-17/outreach-program-offers-high-schoolers-week-long-experience-uwindsor-science-students
Outreach program offers high schoolers week-long experience as UWindsor science students | DailyNews Skip to main content University of Windsor Search Enter the terms you wish to search for. Search Support UWindsor CLOSE QUICK LINKS Current Students Blackboard UWinsite Student Faculty + Staff UWinsite Finance Alumni + Donors Industry + Community Partners About Overview Office of the President Virtual Tour Visitor Information Campus Maps Parking Place of Promise VIEW Magazine Academics Programs Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs International Programs Co-operative Education Continuing Education Support Office of the Registrar Student Awards Office of the Provost Faculties Arts, Humanities, and Social Sciences Law Education Nursing Engineering Business Graduate Studies Human Kinetics Science Research Overview Vice-President, Research & Innovation Research & Innovation Services Research Appointments Research Ethics Research Safety Animal Care Research Finance Leddy Library UWill Discover! EPICentre Student Life Overview UWindsor Events SoCA Concerts & Events Lancers Varsity Sports University Players Athletics + Recreation Services Student Accessibility Services Residence Food Services Student Support Back to Top FUTURE STUDENTS ask.UWindsor MENU ask.UWindsor FUTURE STUDENTS DailyNews DailyNews In this section Top Stories Current Issue All Stories DailyNews Archive Search DailyNews by date Search DailyNews by topic Contact DailyNews Subscription Top Stories Current Issue All Stories DailyNews Archive Search DailyNews by date Search DailyNews by topic Contact DailyNews Subscription Luca Pullo (centre) receives a UWindsor Science Academy Certificate of Completion from professor Dora Cavallo-Medved and provost Jeff Berryman. Outreach program offers high schoolers week-long experience as UWindsor science students Jul 18th, 2019 The UWindsor Science Academy welcomed local secondary school students to campus July 8 to 12 for the chance to explore the science programs offered at the University of Windsor. Science-driven high schoolers, nominated by their teachers or schools to attend the free week-long program, participated in lectures, hands-on laboratory exercises, and research lab tours. Luca Pullo from St. Anne’s Catholic High School was one of dozens of local high schoolers nominated this summer to attend. “I’ve always had a strong interest in the sciences,” says Pullo. “For that reason, I expressed my interest in attending, and I feel very lucky that my teacher felt I was a strong student and nominated me for this opportunity.” Dora Cavallo-Medved, professor in the Department of Biomedical Sciences, runs the Science Academy and says the program helps prepare students for successful careers in science. “We had a fantastic week,” says Dr. Cavallo-Medved. “We had 50 of our top local high school science students from 17 different schools exploring our research labs and experiencing the many engaging opportunities we offer our students. They all really appreciated the opportunity to experience life as a UWindsor Science student and catch a glimpse into their futures.” Pullo says the experience was both engaging and informative. “I was given a good idea of the programs available in the Faculty of Science,” says Pullo. “And it was also great to be able to see exactly what I would be doing in each program.” On the final day of the Science Academy, each participant received a certificate of completion. Kyla Hicks and Anumita Jain were awarded bursaries from the Friends of Ojibway Prairie to attend the Ontario Nature Youth Summit this September. “It was wonderful seeing the students so excited to win,” says Mike Fisher, manager of web services and systems support, who sits on the organization’s board of directors. “We are thankful to everyone involved with Science Academy for making it such a great week for the students, and for helping the Friends of Ojibway Prairie become a part of their experience as well.” —Darko Milenkovic Dora Cavallo-Medved Mike Fisher Jeff Berryman Strategic Priority: Engage in community partnerships Academic Area: Science share tweet save In Memoriam Campus mourns death of retired psychology professor Meyer Starr Internal Job Postings Nov 15, 2019 - Receptionist - Student Health, Counselling and Wellness '8' in the Department of Student Health, Counselling & Wellness Nov 13, 2019 - Serials & Bindery Control Clerk '6' in the Law Library (Temporary until approximately June 5, 2020) Nov 12, 2019 - Secretary to the Head '7' in the Department of Electrical & Computer Engineering Internal/External Job Postings Nov 14, 2019 - Temporary Part Time ESL Instructor in the Centre for English Language Development (up to 24 hrs/week for the approximate period Jan 9 to April 10, 2020) Nov 12, 2019 - Application Server Administrator (Peoplesoft) Tentative Classification "VI" in the Department of IT Services Nov 7, 2019 - Accessibility Manager in the Office of Human Rights, Equity and Accessibility Nov 7, 2019 - Team Leader - Chemical Control Centre Classification "VII" in the Chemical Control Centre / Health & Safety Department IT Services Resolved: Spam Email Nov 13, 2019 Resolved: Network Maintenance Sep 12 6:00-7:30am Sep 11, 2019 Intermittent Printing Issues Aug 1, 2019 Blackboard unavailable Thu Aug 01 5-7am Jul 31, 2019 Network Maintenance - July 25th - Update Jul 25, 2019 Project Notifications Biology Building-326A & 326B Upgrades/Installation of Dual Duct Mixing Boxes, November 19-21, 2019, 8:30am-4:30pm CAW Student Centre/Vanier Hall-Semi Annual Kitchen Fire Support System Inspections, December 16-18, 2019, 8:00am-4:00pm Chrysler Hall Tower/University Computer Centre/Essex Hall -Chemical Control Centre/Energy Conversion Centre-Semi Annual Fire Suppression Inspections, December 16-18, 2019, 8:00am-4:00pm Lambton Tower-G115 Water Leaks Investigation, November 11-15, 2019, 8:30am-4:30pm St. Denis Fieldhouse/Human Kinetics/Forge Fitness/Stadium-Lancer Sport and Recreation Centre (LSRC) Project (Parking/Access), November 11, 2019-March 31, 2020, 7:00am-5:00pm More share tweet save Contact Us University Directory Accessibility News Services for Media UWindsor mobile apps Terms & Conditions Policies Manage UWin Account Emergency Services for Students Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Facebook Follow us on LinkedIn Follow us on Flickr Follow us on Youtube Follow us on Instagram
