https://my.uwindsor.ca/web/uw/donations
Donations - myuwindsor Sign In Contact Us Navigation Main Skip to Content Breadcrumbs myuwindsor Giving Donations * Amount: Please enter an amount and designation for your gift. Charitable Tax receipts for gifts $10 and over will be issued by mail. Reg. #10816 2611 RR0001 This is a new gift This is a payment on a pledge This is a gift in memory of This is a gift in honour of Designations * I would like to direct my gift towards: University of Windsor's Priorities ---Please Select--- Downtown campus restoration of the Armouries Graduate Scholarships Lancer Sport and Recreation Centre Undergraduate Scholarship Endowment Fund Undergraduate Scholarships Faculty/Department Priorities ---Please Select--- Faculty of Arts & Social Sciences Faculty of Education Faculty of Engineering Faculty of Graduate Studies Faculty of Human Kinetics Faculty of Law Faculty of Nursing Faculty of Science Odette School of Business Athletics ---Please Select--- Athletics & Recreational Trust Baseball Blue & Gold Scholarships Cross Country Curling Football Golf Men's Basketball Men's Hockey Men's Soccer Men's Volleyball Sports & Athletics Facilities Track & Field Women's Basketball Women's Fastpitch Women's Hockey Women's Soccer Women's Volleyball Other Additional Info * Title: Dr. Miss. Mr. Mrs. Ms. Prof. * Given Name: Middle Name: * Last Name: * Affiliation with UWindsor: UWindsor Faculty/Staff Alumnus UWindsor Retiree Current UWindsor Student Parent of UWindsor Student Friend of UWindsor Affiliation Id: * Email Address: Tax receipt to be mailed to: Home Business * Company Name: * Address: Apartment: * City: * Province/State: * Postal/Zip Code: * Country: * Telephone: Ext: I/my partner work for a Matching Gift Company. Name of Company: In donor recognition listings, I would like my name to appear as: Please select all that apply: I wish to remain anonymous. Send me more information about gifts of securities/stock. I have already included UWindsor in my estate plans. Send me information about including UWindsor in my estate plans. Contact me regarding establishing a named scholarship. Select method of payment: Pay Online (Credit Card / Debit Card) Payroll Deduction Make a direct bank withdrawal from my account Payment Type: Biweekly payments of per pay Semimonthly payments of per pay One-time payroll deduction Please begin my payroll deduction commitment: Next pay period Upon completion of my current payroll deduction commitments Specific Date * Amount: one time per month for number of months: or until otherwise notified * Institution Number: ATB Financial Alberta Financial Bank (ATB Financial) Bank Of Montreal Bank Of Nova Scotia Banque Nationale Du Canada Banque Nationale de Paris (Canada) CIBC (Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce) Caisse Centrale Desjardins Caisse Pop Cote Des Neiges Canada Trust Canadian Western Bank Capital One Citibank Citizen's Bank of Canada Coast Capital Credit Union Duca Financial Services Credit Union HSBC Bank of Canada Hepcoe Credit Union Ltd ING Direct Canada Island Savings Credit Union Laurentian Bank of Canada Laurentienne MBNA Canada Bank National Bank Of Canada National Trust North York Community Credit Union Ltd. Ontario Civil Service Credit Union President Choice Financial Royal Bank Of Canada Savings Bank Sottomayor Bank Canada Teachers Credit Union The Civil Service Co-Op Credit Soc Ltd Toronto Dominion Bank (TD Canada Trust) Valley Credit Union Ltd Vancouver City Savings Woodslee Credit Union Limited York Credit Union * Branch Number: Branch Name: * Bank Account Number: You may revoke your authorization to process the pre-authorized debit payments at any time, subject to providing notice of 30 days to the University of Windsor. To obtain a sample cancellation form, or for more information on your right to cancel a pre-authorized debit (PAD) agreement, you may contact your financial institution or visit www.cdnpay.ca. You have certain recourse rights if any debit does not comply with the PAD agreement. For example, you have the right to receive reimbursement for any debit that is not authorized or is not consistent with the PAD agreement. To obtain more information on your recourse rights, you may contact your financial institution or visit www.cdnpay.ca. You agree to waive your right to receive pre-notification of any debit under the PAD agreement. You acknowledge that you can request to make the changes to the pre-authorized debit amount indicated simply by contacting the University of Windsor. Annual Giving Chris Knack Coordinator, Annual Giving Program Alumni Affairs and Donor Communications University of Windsor (519) 253-3000 ext. 4279 cknack@uwindsor.ca Designated Giving Krista Spagnuolo Development Assistant Campaign Office University of Windsor (519) 253-3000 ext. 3229 krista2@uwindsor.ca ©2013 University of Windsor | 401 Sunset Avenue | Windsor, Ontario N9B 3P4 | 519-253-3000 | (my2)
