http://cleo.uwindsor.ca/oris/workshops/
Office of Research & Innovation Services: Welcome Office of Research & Innovation Services Event and Workshop Registration Welcome! Please log in. Home Register now! Nov 22 – November 2019 Downtown Writing Retreat Nov 22 – The Budget (SSHRC IDG Working Group) Coming soon Nov 26 – Research Data Management Information and Consultation Day Lunch & Learn At this time, there are no upcoming events in "Lunch & Learn". SSHRC Working Group: Insight Development Grant Faculty are invited to develop outstanding SSHRC Insight Development Grant applications with the help of three writing retreats co-hosted by the Office of the Dean, FAHSS, and the Office of Research and Innovation Services. Each session will blend quiet grant writing time, sharing approaches to various sections of the application, and feedback on work in progress. More information: Brent Lee, or Natasha Wiebe or 519-253-3000 x3953. Coming soon: Nov 22 – The Budget (SSHRC IDG Working Group) Downtown Writing Retreats Enjoy a half or full day of quiet writing time on the University of Windsor's downtown campus. Bring your own refreshments, or take a break at a local restaurant. Pay parking and WiFi available. Join the waiting list as seats always become available a few days before the event. Open to faculty, staff, and postdoctoral fellows. All writing projects welcome. A research coordinator from the Office of Research and Innovation Services will be available for grant writers. More information: Natasha Wiebe or 519-253-3000 x3953. Parking info Coming soon: Nov 22 – November 2019 Downtown Writing Retreat Research Workshop Series Finetune your research plans with the help of our workshops. Open to faculty, staff, and postdoctoral fellows from across the disciplines. More information: Nicole Noel, 519-253-3000 x3916 Coming soon: Nov 26 – Research Data Management Information and Consultation Day Writing Retreat at Willistead Designate one or two days for quiet writing in historic Willistead Manor. Bring the work of your choice -- article, syllabus, proposal, poem. Participants say: “Top quality." “I was amazed by how much I got done.” “I love these retreats! They help me regain some research traction.” Open to faculty, staff, and postdoctoral fellows. Usually scheduled in late April and late August. The retreats fill quickly, but join the waiting list because seats become available in the days before the event. For more information: Natasha Wiebe or 519-253-3000 x3953. At this time, there are no upcoming events in "Writing Retreat at Willistead". View past events Past events Main Campus Writing Retreats Ministry of Research and Innovation Information Sessions NSERC Workshop Series Technology Transfer Information Sessions Undergraduate Research Writing Retreat by the River NSERC sessions-Faculty of Engineering Office of Research and Innovation Services University of Windsor • oris@uwindsor.ca • Joyce Entrepreneurship Centre (JEC), Room 150
