http://www.ger.ethique.gc.ca/eng/policy-politique_tcps2-eptc2_2018.html
Tri-Council Policy Statement: Ethical Conduct for Research Involving Humans – TCPS 2 (2018) 
 Skip to main content Skip to "About this site" Canada.ca Services Departments Language selection Français Search and menus Search and menus Panel on Research Ethics Search Search website Search Topics menu Policy Education Interpretations Grants You are here: Home Policy TCPS 2 (2018) Tri-Council Policy Statement: Ethical Conduct for Research Involving Humans – TCPS 2 (2018) Other format PDF version (1.7 MB) Companion Documents Highlights of Changes How to Address Material Incidental Findings Table of Contents Acknowledgements Introduction Mandate of the Agencies Compliance with the Policy Chapter 1 – Ethics Framework A. Importance of Research and Research Ethics B. Core Principles C. How to Apply this Policy Chapter 2 – Scope and Approach Introduction A. Scope of Research Ethics Review B. Approach to Research Ethics Board Review Chapter 3 – The Consent Process Introduction A. General Principles B. Departures from General Principles of Consent C. Decision-Making Capacity D. Consent Shall Be Documented Chapter 4 – Fairness and Equity in Research Participation Introduction A. Appropriate Inclusion B. Inappropriate Exclusion Chapter 5 – Privacy and Confidentiality Introduction A. Key Concepts B. Ethical Duty of Confidentiality C. Safeguarding Information D. Consent and Secondary Use of Identifiable Information for Research Purposes E. Data Linkage Chapter 6 – Governance of Research Ethics Review Introduction A. Establishment of Research Ethics Boards B. Procedures for Research Ethics Board Review C. Reconsideration and Appeals D. Research Ethics Review during Publicly Declared Emergencies E. Review of Sponsor-Researcher Contracts Chapter 7 – Conflicts of Interest Introduction A. Key Concepts B. Institutions and Conflicts of Interest C. Research Ethics Board Members and Conflicts of Interest D. Researchers and Conflicts of Interest Chapter 8 – Multi-Jurisdictional Research Introduction A. Review Mechanisms for Research Involving Multiple Institutions and/or Multiple Research Ethics Boards B. Ethics Review of Research Conducted Outside the Institution Chapter 9 – Research Involving the First Nations, Inuit and Métis Peoples of Canada Introduction A. Key Concepts and Definitions B. Interpreting the Ethics Framework in Aboriginal Contexts C. Applying Provisions of This Policy in Aboriginal Contexts Chapter 10 – Qualitative Research Introduction A. Nature of Qualitative Research B. Research Ethics Review of Qualitative Research Chapter 11 – Clinical Trials Introduction A. Key Concepts B. Ethical Issues for Clinical Trial Design and Review C. Safety Monitoring and Reporting New Information D. Registration of Clinical Trials Chapter 12 – Human Biological Materials Including Materials Related to Human Reproduction Introduction A. Key Concepts B. Collection of Human Biological Materials C. Consent and Secondary Use of Human Biological Materials for Research Purposes D. Storage and Banking of Human Biological Materials E. Research Involving Materials Related to Human Reproduction F. Research Involving Human Pluripotent Stem Cells Chapter 13 – Human Genetic Research Introduction A. Application of Core Principles to Genetic Research B. Plans for Managing Information Revealed through Genetic Research C. Genetic Counselling D. Genetic Research Involving Families E. Genetic Research Involving Communities and Groups F. Genetic Material Banks G. Gene Transfer Glossary Previous Table of contents Next Date modified: 2017-10-12 About this site Terms and conditions Transparency About us News Contact us Government of Canada footer Health Travel Service Canada Jobs Economy Canada.ca
