http://www.pre.ethics.gc.ca/eng/education_tutorial-didacticiel.html
TCPS 2 Tutorial: The Interagency Advisory Panel on Research Ethics (PRE) Skip to main content Skip to "About this site" Canada.ca Services Departments Language selection Français Search and menus Search and menus Panel on Research Ethics Search Search website Search Topics menu Policy Education Interpretations Grants You are here: Home Education TCPS 2 Tutorial The TCPS 2 Tutorial Course on Research Ethics (CORE) Note As of June 2019, TCPS 2 (2018) replaced TCPS 2 (2014) as the official research ethics policy of the federal research agencies (CIHR, NSERC, SSHRC). The Secretariat is in the midst of developing a new CORE tutorial that will incorporate many of the changes found in the new Policy. A summary of the revisions that were published in TCPS (2018) is available in the Highlights of Changes. However, there were no fundamental changes to the Policy. The three core principles – Respect for Persons, Concern for Welfare, and Justice – continue to be the foundation of both the new Policy and CORE. During this transition phase, users are encouraged to continue accessing the current CORE. It is important to note that links to the former version of the Policy have been disabled. The Policy revision has resulted in changes that are not yet reflected in the following areas of the tutorial: Module 2 – Defining Research Review requirements for course-based research activities with a pedagogical purpose (Articles 2.1 and 6.12). Definition of pilot study and a description of REB requirements for pilot studies (Articles 2.1 and 6.11). Description of different types of observational research (Article 2.3) Module 3 – Assessing Risk and Benefit Research-Attributable Risk (Article 2.10) Research Involving Communities (Article 2.11) Module 6 – Fairness and Equity Dissemination of Research Results (Article 4.8) Module 7 – Conflict of interest Institutional responsibilities regarding financial conflict of interest (Article 7.4) Module 8 – REB Review Review requirements for course-based research activities with a pedagogical purpose (Articles 2.1 and 6.12). Please subscribe for information on updates to CORE, TCPS 2, and the Panel on Research Ethics. TCPS 2: CORE tutorial Best viewed at a screen resolution of 1280 x 720 pixels. CORE provides an applied approach to the guidance provided in TCPS 2. This self-paced course is a media-rich learning experience that features interactive exercises and multi-disciplinary examples. CORE consists of eight interactive modules ranging from Core Principles to REB Review. It is designed primarily for the use of researchers and REB members – though anyone may take this course and print their own certificate of completion free of charge. Additional Research Ethics Readings: Research Involving the First Nations, Inuit and Métis Peoples of Canada [ PDF (1.9 MB) ] Multi-Jurisdictional Research [ PDF (603 KB) ] If TCPS 2: CORE is a Requirement… Problems registering? Please determine whether the activation email has been sent to your spam or junk mail folder – or if your institution is blocking it. For assistance, please send your contact information to Webgrants@sshrc-crsh.gc.ca. We are available Monday to Friday from 8 AM to 4 PM. Date modified: 2019-06-07 About this site Terms and conditions Transparency About us News Contact us Government of Canada footer Health Travel Service Canada Jobs Economy Canada.ca
