http://scholar.uwindsor.ca/research-result-summaries/
Research Result Summaries University of Windsor | University of Windsor
 Home Search Browse Collections My Account About Digital Commons Network™ Skip to main content University of Windsor My Account FAQ About Home Scholarship at UWindsor Home > Research Result Summaries This site provides research participants access to summaries of the research studies they participated in at the University of Windsor. This is consistent with the TCPS 2 Chapter 4 section on Equitable Distribution of Research Benefits. Participants Research Participants can locate summaries by searching by the name of the principle investigator(s), by keywords or browsing through the list of research summaries provided below. Researchers Researchers can submit their research summary by clicking the button below or under author corner. University of Windsor Researchers can sign in with their UWin ID and password. Non UWindsor researchers must create an account to submit. Submit Summary Rights and Permissions Reserach Summaries are made available under a Creative Commons, Attribution, Non-Commerical, No-Derivatives licenese. Research Summaries are not considered a formal publication of results, but rather a summary of research for research participants consistent with the TCPS 2 Chapter 4 section on Equitable Distribution of Research Benefits Any questions regarding the summaries provided here can be directed to the Research Ethics Board at the University of Windsor (ethics@uwindsor.ca). Technical issues can be reported to scholarship@uwindsor.ca. Guides How to find a research summary --- How to submit a research summary --- How to Revise a research summary Follow index Submissions from 2019 2019 PDF Rates and Patterns of Playing-related Musculoskeletal Disorders in Drummers, Nadia Azar PDF Exploring the Impact: Attitudes toward Disability among Employers and Co-workers of People with an Intellectual Disability, Kelly Carr, Laura Chittle, Nancy Wallace-Gero, Sean Horton, Patricia Weir, and Chad A. Sutherland PDF Selfie feedback on Instagram: The impact on self-esteem and appearance satisfaction, Felicia M. Chang and Josee L. Jarry PDF Examining the influence of relative age on leadership and sport experiences within female hockey: Phase 1, Laura Chittle, Sean Horton, and Jess C. Dixon PDF Balance of Choices Involving Chance: Scale Development, Joan Craig PDF An Examination of Athlete Leaders' Emotional Competence, Ashley M. Duguay and Todd Loughead PDF Analysis of drivers’ car-following behavior using a driving simulator, Umair Durrani PDF Development, Diplomacy, and Expertise: Placing State Bureaucratic Labour in the CIDA-DFAIT Merger (June 2019 Research Progress Report), Jamey Essex PDF Women's experiences of non-consensual use of their sexual images, Michelle Krieger PDF Personality and Driving Behaviour (extended sample), Kathryn Lafreniere, Chris Lee, and Joan Craig PDF Quantifying helmet fit: A comparison of helmet fit in collegiate football players and anthropomorphic test dummies, Erik Lovis MHK PDF The Expansion of the Rapid Office Strain Assessment: (ROSA) - An Office Ergonomics Tool, Ranny Michael, David M. Andrews, and Michael Sonne PDF Comparative Analysis of a Bout of Isometric Hand Grip Exercise using a Traditional (Computerized) or Mechanical Handgrip, Kevin J. Milne, David M. Andrews, Cheri L. McGowan, and Nicholas Caruana PDF Developing a Multiliteracies Pedagogy in Mature Female English Language Learners in Iran, Yalda Mohiti Asli PDF Identification of misconceptions and troublesome concepts in Microbiology, with development and testing of targeted pedagogical activities, Tanya C. Noel and Milana Milivojević PDF Detecting cannabis use with a portable exhaled breath device, Phillip Olla PDF Working Towards Change: The Impact of Mentor Development on Associate Teachers and Faculty Advisors, Alyssa Palazzolo, Sara Shahbazi, and Geri Salinitri PDF Pre-Service Teachers’ Perceptions of Technology Integration in the K-12 Classroom, Brandon M. Sabourin PDF Women’s [Stressful] Experiences in Intimate Relationships with Men, Tanja Samardzic and Charlene Y. Senn PhD PDF Using surveys to understand the dynamics of mother/daughter dyads on social networking sites, Sara Santarossa and Sarah Woodruff PDF "Relations among Adolescent Dating Aggression and Psychological, Somatic, and Adaptive Functioning, Patti A. Timmons Fritz and Ala El Baba PDF Digital Journalism Student Experience Survey, Patti A. Timmons Fritz and Grace Howes PDF Optimizing Strengths and Resources in a Memorial Cup Team: A Strengths and Hope Perspective, Dan Upham PDF A Mixed-Methods Approach to Investigate How University Students Use Technology to Consume Sport, Dan Upham, James Gillis, Louis Polyzois, Erin Jackson, and Craig Greenham PDF An Examination of the Coercion in Intimate Partner Relationships Scale: Validation of the Original Measure and Conceptualization of a Short Form, Kathleen Wilson PDF Empowering Students to Become Curious, critical learners: Evaluating “Information Searching and Analysis”, James H. Wittebols Dr. PDF Reciprocal learning in teacher education and school education between Canada and China – Chinese and Canadian teacher candidates in face-to-face dialogues: Situating teaching in cultural practices, Shijing Xu Dr. and Susan M. Holloway Dr. Submissions from 2018 2018 PDF Acute and Long-term Effects of Aerobic Exercise on Repetitive Behaviours and Task Performance for Adults with Autism Spectrum Disorder and an Intellectual Disability, Suzanne Ali and Chad Sutherland PDF Language Concerns and Access to Justice at the Landlord and Tenant Board, Wissam Aoun, Sindhu De Livera, and Aituaje Aizenobie PDF Mindfulness as a protective factor against body dissatisfaction: mechanism of action, Jessica Barrington PDF The Reliability of Preferred Automotive Seating Adjustments, Russel Gerald Boglitch PDF Exploring the Impact of Income Security: Strength-Based Employment for People with Intellectual Disabilities, Kelly Carr, Laura Chittle, Nancy Wallace-Gero, Sean Horton, Patricia Weir, and Chad A. Sutherland PDF Evaluating Dependent Measures of Motor Skill and Health among Adults with Autism Spectrum Disorder and an Intellectual Disability, Kelly Carr, Chad A. Sutherland, Nadia R. Azar, and Sean Horton PDF The Relationship Between Adolescent Athletes Imagery Use and Mental Toughness, Krista Chandler, Tyler Geikie, and Todd Loughead PDF Posting Selfies on Social Media: The Role of Appearance-Contingent Self-Worth, Felicia M. Chang PDF Exploring Professional Development among Faculty Members across Varying Career Stages, Laura Chittle, Irene Muir, and Sara Santarossa PDF Social Experiences of Women with and Without Turner Syndrome, Stephanie J. Cragg PDF The Transition from Paediatric to Adult Healthcare Services, Stephanie J. Cragg and Jennifer Burton Liang PDF Perception of Risk in Various Situations, Joan Craig PDF Perception of risk in various situations - Interviews, Joan Craig PDF Screening and Identification of Developmental Coordination Disorder in Children with and without ADHD, Shanna Deasley, Natalie Gayle Frost, Lynette Renee Kivisto, and Thomas Anthony Duda PDF Participant motivations and attitudes toward leisure and recreation opportunities in Essex County, Terence Eddy, Guilia Barile, Johnathan Bruyea, Erin Dufour, Emma Duinker, Bryan Dutot, Zachary Evans, Evan Gilbert, Chelsey Leahy, Kimberly Lemon, Jesse Schrade, and Maggie Veitch PDF Development, Diplomacy, and Expertise: Placing State Bureaucratic Labour in the CIDA-DFAIT Merger (June 2018 Research Progress Report), Jamey Essex PDF Camp Nursing As Clinical Placements For Undergraduate Nursing Students, Shelley Evans, Debbie Kane, Dale Rajacich, and Kathryn Lafreniere PDF Psychological Skills Used by Sport Psychology Consultants to Improve Their Consulting, Shawn Filion PDF Peer Athlete Mentoring from the Mentor's Perspective: A Case Study of a Former Highly-Regarded Peer Athlete Mentor, Matt Hoffmann Dr and Todd Loughead Dr PDF Mapping Multiliteracies in Canadian Adult Education, Susan Holloway PDF Tools for Thought: Situating Language within a Multiliteracies Theoretical Framework, Susan Holloway PDF Parental Involvement of Chinese International Students in Regards to Their Children’s School Selection and Communication with Teachers, Wai Ying Ho PDF Achieving Cultural Competency in the Legal Community through A Better Understanding of Diversity, Laverne A. Jacobs and Margaret Liddle-Kwan PDF The Role of Pornography Consumption in Intimate Partner Aggression/Violence in Emerging Adult Couples: A Prospective Longitudinal Study, Katherine Jongsma and Patti Fritz Dr. PDF The Role of Impulsivity on Emotion Regulation and Visual Attention: An Eye-Tracking Study, Abirami R. Kandasamy PDF Cognitive Rehearsal Training for Undergraduate Nursing Students against Bullying, Debbie Kane, Deborah Dayus, and Dale Rajacich PDF Return to Work Experience of Cancer Patients, Debbie Kane and Dale Rajacich PDF Stress, Coping, and Religiosity among Recent Syrian Refugees in Canada, Sara Keshavarzi PDF The Relationships between Fat Stereotypes, Body Surveillance, Physical Appearance Comparisons, and Body Dissatisfaction in Normal Weight Women: A Mediated Moderation Model, Study 1, Jean Kim PDF The Relationships between Fat Stereotypes, Body Surveillance, Physical Appearance Comparisons, and Body Dissatisfaction in Normal Weight Women: A Mediated Moderation Model, Study 2, Jean Kim PDF Outcomes of women’s experiences with non-consensual use of their sexual images, Michelle Krieger PDF Responses to Receiving Sexual Images Forwarded without Consent, Michelle Krieger PDF Personality and Driving Behaviour, Kathryn Lafreniere, Chris Lee, and Joan Craig PDF Sport Activism: Perspectives of Canadian Female Olympians who Attended the 1968 Olympics, Chelsey H. Leahy and Victoria Paraschak PhD PDF Assessing Athlete Leadership and its Relationship to Selected Group Dynamic Variables Utilizing a Social Network Approach, Todd Loughead and Marie Desrosiers PDF The effectiveness of a mindfulness meditation training on perceptions of team cohesion, mindfulness, and emotional competence, Todd Loughead and Piotr Piasecki PDF Development of a Web-Based GIS Learning Module for Community-Asset Mapping to Improve Service Learning in Social Work, Xue Luo MSC and Wansoo Park PhD, MSW PDF Contributions of Emotional Competence to the Link between Childhood Maltreatment and Adult Attachment, Ashley Mlotek PDF Cultural Mistrust And Responses Of Black Canadians To Subtle And Overt Racial Discrimination In Experimental Vignettes, Miea Moon, Cheryl D. Thomas, and Ben C.H. Kuo PDF Establishing Institutional Frameworks for Effective Course-Redesign in Large-Enrolment First-Year Courses, Ashlyne I. O'Neil and Beverley Hamilton PDF Measuring Autobiographical Memory Specificity and the Fading Affect Bias in Cannabis Users, Daniel Pillersdorf PDF Violent Video Gaming, Parent and Child Risk Factors, and Aggression in School-Age Children, Erin Romanchych PDF The Role of Attachment, Emotion Regulation, and Distress Disclosure in Seeking Help Online in Emerging Adults, Emily Romanson PDF Evaluating posters advertising sexual assault education on campus, Charlene Y. Senn, Anne El Rudzinski, and Karen L. Hobden PDF What are the best ways of attracting students to an effective sexual violence education program?: The Enhanced Assess, Acknowledge, Act (EAAA) Recruitment Study, Charlene Y. Senn, Anne El Rudzinski, and Karen L. Hobden PDF Personality Differences in Peer Review, Jenessa Shaw PDF The associations of coping strategies on quality of life for patients with hidradenitis suppurativa, Mia Sisic and Jerry Tan Dr. PDF Explaining Intentions to Seek Mental Health Services among Black Canadians, Renee Taylor For the Love of Laundry: Scaling Social Impact in Social Entrepreneurship, Kent Walker Dr., Francine Schlosser, Ian Stecher, and Megan O'Neil-Renaud PDF Comparison of two sections of a business course utilizing different weekly quizzing methods, William J. Wellington and Mark Lubrick PDF A Study of Chinese International Students’ Classroom Participation in the International M.Ed. Program, Zongrong YU Submissions from 2017 2017 PDF Language performance in a stroke patient with language difficulties, Danguecan Ashley PDF Integrating the Arts into English Learning: A Case Study of EFL Learners in a Canadian University, Chenkai Chi PDF Group Treatment for OCD: Preliminary Evaluation of Treatment Effectiveness and Client Perceptions of Change, Annette Dufresne PDF Development, diplomacy, and expertise: Placing state bureaucratic labour in the CIDA-DFAIT merger (June 2017 Research Progress Report), Jamey Essex PDF The Development of an Inventory to Assess Peer Athlete Mentoring Functions, Matt Hoffmann and Todd Loughead PDF Media Criminology and the Potentially Distorted Social Constructions of Crime, Kristine Nightingale PDF The Praxis of Privilege: How Social Workers Experience their Privilege, Akin Taiwo PDF Learning Experience of Students in the Master of Education Program at University of Windsor, George Zhou and Tian Liu Search Enter search terms: Select context to search: in this series in this repository across all repositories Advanced Search Notify me via email or RSS Browse Collections Disciplines Disciplines Authors Electronic Theses and Dissertations Author Corner Author FAQ How to Submit About Open Access Submit Summary Links Research Ethics Board Digital Commons Home | About | FAQ | My Account | Accessibility Statement Privacy Copyright
