https://www.cbc.ca/news/health/medication-apps-share-data-1.5068629
Skip to Main Content CBCMenu Quick Links News Sports Radio Music Listen Live TV Watch CBC.ca HOME Discover CBC Comedy Arts Music Books Docs Life Parents Kids Kids News Indspire Awards Archives MyCBC All Locals British Columbia Calgary Edmonton Saskatchewan Saskatoon Manitoba Thunder Bay Sudbury Windsor London Kitchener-Waterloo Hamilton Toronto Ottawa Montreal New Brunswick Prince Edward Island Nova Scotia Newfoundland & Labrador North My Local Settings Ottawa Changequickly access local content from your selected region Select a new default local region: British Columbia Calgary Edmonton Saskatchewan Saskatoon Manitoba Thunder Bay Sudbury Windsor London Kitchener-Waterloo Hamilton Toronto Montreal New Brunswick Prince Edward Island Nova Scotia Newfoundland & Labrador North News Top Stories Local The National Opinion World Canada Politics Indigenous Business Health Entertainment Tech & Science CBC News Investigates Go Public Shows About CBC News Sports Top Stories Scores NHL Olympic Sports Video Podcasts Player's Own Voice All Sports Radio Top Stories All Shows Podcasts Schedules LISTEN LIVE Music Read Watch Events Explore LISTEN LIVE CBC Music Playlists TV Shows Schedule CBC Gem Shop More Shop Sitemap Help Contact Contests news Top Stories Local The National Opinion World Canada Politics Indigenous Business Health Entertainment Tech & Science CBC News Investigates Go Public Shows About CBC News newsPrivacy: A hole in the virtual medicine cabinet Social Sharing Health·SECOND OPINION Privacy: A hole in the virtual medicine cabinet Researchers hoped health data would be treated as personal and sensitive. They were disappointed to find the sharing going on was really "business as usual." Social Sharing Researchers find popular medication phone apps share data with third parties Vik Adhopia · CBC News · Posted: Mar 23, 2019 9:00 AM ET | Last Updated: March 23 Data traffic analysis by a team of researchers found popular medication apps downloaded from the Google Play store shared sensitive personal information with third parties. (Timothy Neesam/CBC) comments This is an excerpt from Second Opinion, a weekly roundup of eclectic and under-the-radar health and medical science news emailed to subscribers every Saturday morning. If you haven't subscribed yet, you can do that by clicking here. It's personal information that can't get any more personal: your medical conditions, symptoms you've searched and lists of medication you take. If you happen to have entered that information into popular prescription drug-tracking Android phone apps, some of it might be shared with data giants like Google, Amazon and Facebook. Those are the findings from an international team of researchers who analyzed the data traffic of each of the 24 medication apps they downloaded from the Google Play store. The apps, which include Drugs.com, Medscape and Epocrates Plus, have been downloaded by millions of users. They're popular among doctors and patients because they not only keep track of the user's prescription drugs and medical conditions, but they're also a quick search tool for all medications on the market and even offer a possible diagnosis of symptoms. The findings published in the BMJ this week found that sharing all this data with third parties is routine. Even the lead author, Quinn Grundy of the University of Toronto's school of nursing, admitted she was surprised at how freely the data was being passed on to other companies, given the nature of the information. SECOND OPINIONAre low-priced drugs becoming an endangered species? "We'd hoped that health data would be treated as personal and sensitive and I think we're disappointed to see that the kind of sharing going on was really 'business as usual' as for any other kind of app." 'Dangerous' permissions During the installation process, users are required to grant app developers permission to start collecting personal information. Grundy and her colleagues from the University of California and the University of Sydney in Australia set up fake user profiles to track the flow of data. In all cases, the type of permission granted was considered "dangerous" by Android's own security standards for developers. (The research was restricted to Android apps, so it's unknown whether the iPhone versions of these apps shared data differently). The most commonly collected information by apps was about: The devices they were downloaded on. The operating system. Browsing activity. List of drugs entered by the user. In a few cases, extremely sensitive data was also scooped up, such as the name of the user's doctor and pharmacy, as well as "feelings" they were experiencing. In most cases, app developers aren't actually selling the data to third parties for money. Instead, it's a free trade, whereby third parties like Google Analytics, Crashlytics (Google) and Flurry (Yahoo!) retain the right to collect user data in exchange for providing app developers services such as app usage statistics, social media links, or bug reporting. These arrangements are sometimes called '"freemium services." A few medication apps can link with users' Facebook accounts, creating another avenue for personal data to be connected and shared. In most cases, the data is anonymized. SECOND OPINIONU.S. PhRMA's fight to prevent lower Canadian drug prices SECOND OPINIONCanada has found the key to lowering drug prices, but it won't be used any time soon But users shouldn't be confident in thinking they won't be identified. The data-sharing often doesn't end with third parties if that third party happens to be Google, for example. Google shares data with what Grundy refers to as "fourth parties" — business partners that have the ability to perform sophisticated data analysis. "And so we could see user data kind of travelling through this mobile ecosystem and these big players at the centre of it able to aggregate and potentially re-identify users," she said. Grundy added, although users consent to sharing data, and none of the activity is illegal, users are likely unaware of what happens to that information after it's passed along to third parties and beyond. The same goes for app developers. Canada's 'lax' data laws The research team's findings don't surprise Sharon Polsky, who has written privacy policies for organizations and is currently an adviser with the Privacy and Access Council of Canada, a non-profit advocacy group. Polsky said however responsible an app developer's privacy policies sound, users kick the floodgates open once they give their consent. "It's carefully worded fuzzy language that essentially allows wide latitude for an organization to use the information." Who has your data? Researchers scrutinize apps for undisclosed ties to advertisers, analytics companies Polsky said there are only a few examples of governments trying to rein in what she calls "surveillance capitalism." In 2018, the state of Vermont passed new regulations requiring data brokers to register and maintain basic data security standards. Polsky said the European Union's General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) is a "good start" but should go further, while referring to Canada's data privacy laws as "lax." In a separate commentary published in the BMJ, health information professor Claudia Pagliari of the University of Edinburgh credited Grundy's research for providing some sobering context amid the excitement surrounding digital health. Pagliari also wrote there is a "good news story hidden in this work," referring to the fact that companies were more transparent about their data-sharing arrangements after the GDPR came into effect. To read the entire Second Opinion newsletter every Saturday morning, please subscribe. CBC's Journalistic Standards and Practices|About CBC NewsReport Typo or Error|Send Feedback Related Stories SECOND OPINION Are low-priced drugs becoming an endangered species? SECOND OPINION U.S. PhRMA's fight to prevent lower Canadian drug prices SECOND OPINION Canada has found the key to lowering drug prices, but it won't be used any time soon Who has your data? Researchers scrutinize apps for undisclosed ties to advertisers, analytics companies Comments To encourage thoughtful and respectful conversations, first and last names will appear with each submission to CBC/Radio-Canada's online communities (except in children and youth-oriented communities). Pseudonyms will no longer be permitted. By submitting a comment, you accept that CBC has the right to reproduce and publish that comment in whole or in part, in any manner CBC chooses. Please note that CBC does not endorse the opinions expressed in comments. Comments on this story are moderated according to our Submission Guidelines. Comments are welcome while open. We reserve the right to close comments at any time. Footer Links My Account Profile CBC Gem Newsletters Connect with CBC Facebook Twitter YouTube Instagram Mobile RSS Podcasts Contact CBC Submit Feedback Help Centre Audience Relations, CBC P.O. Box 500 Station A Toronto, ON Canada, M5W 1E6 Toll-free (Canada only): 1-866-306-4636 TTY/Teletype writer: 1-866-220-6045 About CBC Corporate Info Sitemap Reuse & Permission Terms of Use Privacy Jobs Our Unions Independent Producers Political Ads Registry Services Ombudsman Public Appearances Commercial Services CBC Shop Doing Business with Us Renting Facilities Accessibility It is a priority for CBC to create a website that is accessible to all Canadians including people with visual, hearing, motor and cognitive challenges. Closed Captioning and Described Video is available for many CBC shows offered on CBC Gem. About CBC Accessibility Accessibility Feedback ©2019 CBC/Radio-Canada. All rights reserved. Visitez Radio-Canada.ca
