https://mailchi.mp/thehastingscenter/still-waiting-for-a-remedy-unethical-us-experiments-in-guatemala?e=38ddb4dcc7
Still Waiting for a Remedy: Unethical U.S. Experiments in Guatemala March 21, 2019 Still Waiting for a Remedy: Unethical U.S. Experiments in Guatemala More than 70 years after U.S. Public Health Service researchers conducted unethical experiments in Guatemala -- intentionally exposing thousands of people to sexually transmitted diseases without informed consent and often with active deceit -- no reparations have been given to still-living subjects or their relatives. A case study of the experiments and the inadequate response to them appears in the latest issue of The Hastings Center’s newest journal, Ethics & Human Research. “While major regulatory systems were already in place by the time the experiments became publicly known, this case study demonstrates how far we still have to go to ensure that research subjects are protected throughout the lifecycle of research and in its aftermath,” the authors write. Read the article for free. Are Genetic Test Results Likely to Lead to Healthier Behaviors? No, suggest the first results from the PeopleSeq Consortium, a collaboration of projects examining the impact of genomic sequencing on healthy individuals. The findings are summarized in the latest issue of Braingenethics, a newsletter produced by a project of The Hastings Center and Columbia University. Although many PeopleSeq participants said that learning about their health-related results was valuable to them, fewer than 10% reported making changes to their diet, exercise habits, or insurance coverage because of their results. Also in Braingenethics: some Chinese parents are turning to genetic testing companies that claim they can find children’s hidden “talents” in their DNA, though many of the tests lack a scientific basis. Read the issue. Subscribe here. Donate The Hastings Center is funded by people like you. Please support The Hastings Center. Established in 1969, The Hastings Center has been studying the social and ethical issues in health care, science, and technology for 50 years. Subscribe to the Hastings Center Report here. Subscribe to Ethics & Human Research here. We strongly value your privacy and would never sell, give, or otherwise share your information. If you no longer wish to receive emails from the Center, you may Unsubscribe or Update Your Preferences. For further information, please visit our website at www.thehastingscenter.org, or email us at info@thehastingscenter.org. Copyright © 2019 The Hastings Center, All rights reserved.
