https://www.uwindsor.ca/research-innovation-services/403/grant-funded-research-personnel
Grant-Funded Research Personnel | Office of Research & Innovation Services Skip to main content University of Windsor Search Enter the terms you wish to search for. Search Support UWindsor CLOSE QUICK LINKS Current Students Blackboard UWinsite Student Faculty + Staff UWinsite Finance Alumni + Donors Industry + Community Partners About Overview Office of the President Virtual Tour Visitor Information Campus Maps Parking Place of Promise VIEW Magazine Academics Programs Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs International Programs Co-operative Education Continuing Education Support Office of the Registrar Student Awards Office of the Provost Faculties Arts, Humanities, and Social Sciences Law Education Nursing Engineering Business Graduate Studies Human Kinetics Science Research Overview Vice-President, Research & Innovation Research & Innovation Services Research Appointments Research Ethics Research Safety Animal Care Research Finance Leddy Library UWill Discover! EPICentre Student Life Overview UWindsor Events SoCA Concerts & Events Lancers Varsity Sports University Players Athletics + Recreation Services Student Accessibility Services Residence Food Services Student Support Back to Top FUTURE STUDENTS ask.UWindsor MENU ask.UWindsor FUTURE STUDENTS Office of Research & Innovation Services Office of Research & Innovation Services All About Funding Welcome Contact Workshops & Events Newsletter Annual Report All About Funding Funding Opportunities Internal Funding Programs Tri-Council Grant Deadlines Other Funding Opportunities Grant Application: Before You Begin ORIS Information Sheet and Checklist Form Preparing Your Grant Application Submitting Your Grant Application Research Requiring Certification Grant-Funded Research Personnel Responsibilities of Principal Investigators Overview of Costs of Research Research Overhead Costs Policy Post-Award Administration Frequently Used Acronyms Undergraduate Research Research Policies Research Partnerships Canada Research Chairs Equity, Diversity and Inclusion in Research Welcome Contact Workshops & Events Newsletter Annual Report All About Funding Funding Opportunities Internal Funding Programs Tri-Council Grant Deadlines Other Funding Opportunities Grant Application: Before You Begin ORIS Information Sheet and Checklist Form Preparing Your Grant Application Submitting Your Grant Application Research Requiring Certification Grant-Funded Research Personnel Responsibilities of Principal Investigators Overview of Costs of Research Research Overhead Costs Policy Post-Award Administration Frequently Used Acronyms Undergraduate Research Research Policies Research Partnerships Canada Research Chairs Equity, Diversity and Inclusion in Research Follow Us: Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Instagram UWindsor Home Office of Research & Innovation Services All About Funding Grant-Funded Research Personnel Grant-Funded Research Personnel Hiring and employment of employees is subject to a number of policies that govern his or her treatment. The hiring of grant-supported personnel is also of concern to the administrative unit which also has fiduciary responsibility in ensuring that there is sufficient funding to pay grant-supported personnel. When deciding on the amount or hourly wage to pay grantsupported personnel, you may seek the advice of colleagues in your department/faculty. Finance Department information & forms for hiring Research Personnel Budgeting for Salary If the funding agency does not have guidelines or regulations regarding compensation, the rate of pay is negotiated with the student/non-student on an individual basis, but must fall within University of Windsor policies. Even though the Tri-Council agencies have removed the policy on maximum stipend allowed for research personnel (Masters, PhD, post-doctoral fellows, etc.), researchers should review the guidelines set out in the “Use of Grant Funds” section of the Tri-Agency Financial Administration Guide. Contact Department Head or Associate Dean of Research for local guidelines or norms Budgeting for Benefits Mandatory Budget for an additional 14% for statutory benefit costs on top of the rate of pay. More specifically, for all grant-paid personnel, statutory benefits of 10% must be calculated and added to the rate of pay as these amounts will automatically be charged to your grant account. In addition, it must be decided if 4% vacation pay is to be included in or added to the rate of pay or to provide another type of vacation entitlement (e.g. 2 weeks paid). Optional For Non-Students, payment of discretionary benefits such as medical, dental and vision care are optional and can be paid by the grant (or not), usually only in the case of a one year term or greater. UHIP coverage for international non-students (i.e. OHIP equivalent) is mandatory and can either be self-paid, or paid by the researcher’s grant, if it is an eligible expense under the funding agency guidelines. Contact Benefits & Records Administrator, ext. 2090, 5th Floor, Chrysler Hall Tower. Hiring – Contacts & Forms Students A hiring package for University of Windsor students including the “Authorization for Department/Grant Student Employment” is available for pick up at the Human Resources Office. Contact Human Resources Reception, ext. 2047, 5 th Floor, Chrysler Hall Tower. Non-Students A “Recommendation for Appointment – Grant or Trust Funds” must be completed for hiring. Contact Sandy Mehenka, Secretary to the Vice-President, Research and Innovation, ext. 3987, mehenkas@uwindsor.ca Hiring – Work Permits for International Personnel Students Generally University of Windsor students are eligible to work on campus under their study permit. Contact Mike Houston, Director, International Affairs, ext. 5060, mikeh@uwindsor.ca Non-Students Must obtain a work permit. Contact Sandy Mehenka, Secretary to the Vice-President, Research and Innovation, ext. 3987, mehenkas@uwindsor.ca share tweet save Follow Us: Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Instagram share tweet save Contact Us University Directory Accessibility News Services for Media UWindsor mobile apps Terms & Conditions Policies Manage UWin Account Emergency Services for Students Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Facebook Follow us on LinkedIn Follow us on Flickr Follow us on Youtube Follow us on Instagram
