http://www.uwindsor.ca/giving
Place of Promise Skip to main content WELCOME PRIORITIES WAYS TO GIVE CHAMPIONS NEWS DONATE NOW Extraordinary things are happening in Windsor. Together with the community, the University of Windsor is creating something special. Changes made and changes yet to come are bringing this vision to life. WELCOME TO THE CAMPAIGN FOR THE UNIVERSITY OF WINDSOR Our present-day University of Windsor has roots that begin in our city and branch out around the world. With more than 130,000 graduates, our reach as a place of higher learning is being recognized both locally and globally. Since 1857, we have been a progressive and inclusive community that comes together to study, to learn, to teach, and to serve. By supporting our Place of Promise Campaign, you are building and sustaining that community for future generations. Your support will have a lasting impact on our campus, our academic programs, and our teaching and learning environment. Whether you choose to help students through bursaries and scholarships, strengthen ground-breaking research on challenges affecting our society, sponsor originality in the fine and performing arts, or provide opportunities for students to gain entrepreneurial experience, your support will make an enduring difference. WELCOME TO THE CAMPAIGN FOR THE UNIVERSITY OF WINDSOR Our present-day University of Windsor has roots that begin in our city and branch out around the world. With more than 130,000 graduates, our reach as a place of higher learning is being recognized both locally and globally. Since 1857, we have been a progressive and inclusive community that comes together to study, to learn, to teach, and to serve. By supporting our Place of Promise Campaign, you are building and sustaining that community for future generations. Your support will have a lasting impact on our campus, our academic programs, and our teaching and learning environment. Whether you choose to help students through bursaries and scholarships, strengthen ground-breaking research on challenges affecting our society, sponsor originality in the fine and performing arts, or provide opportunities for students to gain entrepreneurial experience, your support will make an enduring difference. When I ask our students, What does Promise mean to you?, they answer with optimism and hopefulness about fulfilling their potential. All of us have the potential to help others succeed – and in so doing, we enrich both our lives and the lives of those we help. I encourage you to give, and to make the University of Windsor a place of promise: here, now, and in the future. For what is and what, with your help, is about to be. Sincerely, Dr. Douglas Kneale Interim President and Vice-Chancellor OUR PRIORITIES Students Campus Community Impact "My experience at the University of Windsor opened my eyes to the enormous potential in health care and the impact of leaders." University of Windsor Champion Mary Jo Haddad President at MJH & Associates and Killberry Leadership Advisor Lancer sport centre will bridge University and Windsor communities Collaboratory to provide space to nurture inquisitive thought Ceremony marks milestone in science building construction Researchers work with businesses, community to support people with aphasia MORE NEWS Contact the Campaign Office Campaign Directory UWindsor Website Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Facebook Follow us on LinkedIn Follow us on Youtube Follow us on Instagram
