http://leddy.uwindsor.ca/leddy-news
Leddy News | Leddy Library | University of Windsor Main menu About the University Academic Programs Research Admissions Student Life Giving International Gateways for: Future Students Current Students Faculty & Staff Alumni Log in to myUWindsor Leddy Library You are hereHome › Leddy News subscribe to Leddy News Leddy Library Collections Review Changes to funding requirements prompt move to raise awareness of research data management Submitted by Leddy Library on Mon, 11/11/2019 - 16:07 Campus researchers are invited to take part in Research Data Management Day on Tuesday, Nov. 26 in the Student Research Collaboratory at Leddy Library. With changes to the Canadian federal granting agencies on the horizon, Leddy Library has teamed up with the Office of Research and Innovation Services, the Office of the Research Ethics Board, and Information Technology Services to offer a half-day information and consultation session on research data management. Tags: Research Data Management Read more about Changes to funding requirements prompt move to raise awareness of research data management Free Trial to Infobase - Films on Demand Submitted by Leddy Library on Fri, 10/25/2019 - 16:15 Access the free trial of Infobase - Films on Demand. Read more about Free Trial to Infobase - Films on Demand 5 Day Scholarly Impact Challenge Submitted by Leddy Library on Fri, 10/18/2019 - 09:44 Read more about 5 Day Scholarly Impact Challenge Leddy Library welcomes Berenica Vejvoda as academic data librarian Submitted by Leddy Library on Wed, 10/09/2019 - 08:39 In the technological age of information, analytics, and statistics, almost everything we do can be converted into research data. For the Leddy Library’s new academic data librarian, Berenica Vejvoda, the data collected from our everyday actions has the potential to solve problems, assist decision making, create new knowledge, and tell compelling stories. Tags: ADC Academic Data Centre Data Librarian Read more about Leddy Library welcomes Berenica Vejvoda as academic data librarian Leddy Library's Fall 2019 Scholar Series Submitted by Leddy Library on Thu, 10/03/2019 - 08:37 The Leddy Library invites campus and community members to participate in the Fall 2019 Scholar Series. The Scholar Series offers a range of free workshops geared towards enhancing research abilities, skills, and knowledge. The workshops are open for all - beginners, experts, and everyone in between! All members of the UWindsor community are welcome, as well as community members interested in the topic. The Leddy Library Scholar Series workshops are divided into the following categories: Read more about Leddy Library's Fall 2019 Scholar Series Leddy Library Share Your Story Contest Submitted by Leddy Library on Fri, 09/27/2019 - 09:41 The Leddy Library has been helping and inspiring students, faculty, and staff for over 50 years. This semester we are giving you a chance to win 1 of 5 $50 UWinCard credits. How can you win? Simply share your story! We want to know how the Library has made a difference in your life. Tell us how Leddy Library has helped you. Tags: Contest Student Experience Leddy Library Read more about Leddy Library Share Your Story Contest Grand Opening of Student Research Collaboratory Submitted by Leddy Library on Fri, 09/13/2019 - 09:08 Leddy Library will unveil a new state-of-the-art Student Research Collaboratory Friday, September 20th. The $750,000 Student Research Collaboratory will provide University of Windsor students with a dynamic space to share their research findings and develop collaborative relationships with partners from across campus and globally. Tags: Student Research Collaboratory Student Experience Read more about Grand Opening of Student Research Collaboratory FRED Bookmobile returns to Leddy Library Submitted by Leddy Library on Thu, 09/12/2019 - 09:47 Leddy Library is pleased to welcome back FRED, the Windsor Public Library Bookmobile! FRED will make UWindsor a regular stop, returning to campus every 3 weeks until December 11th. FRED will be on campus from 12 - 2 PM on September 18, October 9, October 30, November 20 and December 11. Tags: Windsor Public Library FRED Bookmobile Student Experience Read more about FRED Bookmobile returns to Leddy Library Brain Freeze and Button-Making Submitted by Leddy Library on Wed, 09/11/2019 - 09:58 The Leddy Library invites students to stop by for Brain Freeze and Button-Making, from 12 to 2 p.m. Thursday, Sept. 12. The Leddy team will set up outside the library to hand out freezies and help make buttons. Those who join the fun will also have the opportunity to win a Leddy Library prize. The team will provide all the equipment and supplies needed — magazines to cut images from, drawing tools, and pre-made templates. Tags: Student Appreciation Read more about Brain Freeze and Button-Making Leddy Library invites applications for a permanence-track Information Services Librarian Submitted by Leddy Library on Mon, 09/09/2019 - 11:04 The University of Windsor's Leddy Library invites applications for a permanence-track Information Services Librarian position commencing January 1, 2020. Rank will be commensurate with experience. This position is subject to final budgetary approval. Apply by October 4, 2019: http://bit.ly/2lEqiwq Tags: Leddy Library Information Services Read more about Leddy Library invites applications for a permanence-track Information Services Librarian Pages 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 … next › last » Print this page Display text-only version Search Library Catalogue Journal Articles & Research Tools Journal List Order From Other Libraries Course Readings Help Research Help Statistics and Data Help Writing Help Computer Help Services Borrowing Submit Course Resource Lists Check Group Rooms Contact Us About Leddy Contact the Library University Directory Campus Map University Archives Rare Books & Special Collections Academic Data Centre Statistics Canada Research Data Centre Law Library Campus Copyright Information Copyright Guidelines & Requirements Copyright Resources Campus Copyright Updates Alberta Copyright Modules Collection of Personal Information Scholarship @ UWindsor Open Access Windsor Centre for Digital Scholarship Southwestern Ontario Digital Archive Polonia Centre Polish book fund Mental Health Resources University Home Leddy Library Home About the Library Sitemap
