https://scholar.uwindsor.ca/uwilldiscover
UWill Discover Undergraduate Conference | Conferences and Conference Proceedings | University of Windsor
 Home Search Browse Collections My Account About Digital Commons Network™ Skip to main content University of Windsor My Account FAQ About Home Scholarship at UWindsor Home > CONFERENCES > UWillDiscover Follow Welcome to the home of the UWillDiscover Conference at the University of Windsor! UWill Discover 2019 UPDATE The 2019 UWill Discover! Conference will be held March 18 through March 21, 2019 on the University of Windsor campus! Download the 2019 Conference Program UWill Discover 2019 will be a 4-day event in which undergraduate and graduate students at the University of Windsor can present their research, scholarship, and creative work to their fellow students, friends and family, and the world! Be sure to check out all the videos, posters, and abstracts from our past presenters. Undergraduate students will not be competing against graduate students (and vice-versa) for awards. Consider submitting your research by clicking the submit proposal button on the right hand side of the page under the "Author Corner" heading. Registration is now live! If you plan on attending, please register by clicking HERE NOTE: If you are presenting, you do not have to register for the conference before submitting your work. Simply submitting your work also counts as registration. Workshops NEW: Workshops are available to help you craft your submission, prepare your presentation, and aid in professional networking. Scroll down for more information. Title: Preparing your submission for UWill Discover: Writing an Abstract, Original Work, or Artist Statement Date: Tuesday January 15, 2019 Time: 2:00-3:00 Facilitator: Nicole Vignone-Kiborn, Writing Support Centre with invited faculty members Location: Leddy 302 West Registration: http://cleo.uwindsor.ca/workshops/ctl/110/ Cost: Free! Description: Are you working on your submission for the UWill Discover! Conference? Would you like to learn more about how to succinctly communicate your research proposal? This workshop will discuss the components of a successful abstract including your research question, background knowledge, the importance of the work, the methodology or theoretical framework, and your research findings. Attention will also be given to how to write an artist’s statement. If you have a draft of your abstract or artist’s statement, please bring it to this session. Register soon, as there are limited spaces! Title: Preparing your submission for UWill Discover: Writing an Abstract, Original Work, or Artist Statement Date: Wednesday January 23, 2019 Time: 1:00-2:00 Facilitator: Kate Hargreaves, Writing Support Centre with invited faculty members Location: Leddy 302 West Registration: http://cleo.uwindsor.ca/workshops/ctl/110/ Cost: Free! Description: Are you working on your submission for the UWill Discover! Conference? Would you like to learn more about how to succinctly communicate your research proposal? This workshop will discuss the components of a successful abstract including your research question, background knowledge, the importance of the work, the methodology or theoretical framework, and your research findings. Attention will also be given to how to write an artist’s statement. If you have a draft of your abstract or artist’s statement, please bring it to this session. Register soon, as there are limited spaces! Title: Preparing your submission for UWill Discover: Writing an Abstract, Original Work, or Artist Statement Date: Monday January 28, 2019 Time: 1:30-2:30 Facilitator: Nicole Vignone-Kiborn, Writing Support Centre with invited faculty members Location: Leddy 302 West Registration: http://cleo.uwindsor.ca/workshops/ctl/110/ Cost: Free! Description: Are you working on your submission for the UWill Discover! Conference? Would you like to learn more about how to succinctly communicate your research proposal? This workshop will discuss the components of a successful abstract including your research question, background knowledge, the importance of the work, the methodology or theoretical framework, and your research findings. Attention will also be given to how to write an artist’s statement. If you have a draft of your abstract or artist’s statement, please bring it to this session. Register soon, as there are limited spaces! UWill Discover Introductory Remarks on Research Douglas Kneale: Interim President and Vice-Chancellor Browse the contents of UWill Discover Undergraduate Conference: UWill Discover 2019 The 2019 UWill Discover! Conference will be held March 18 through March 21, 2019 UWill Discover 2018 Celebrating research, scholarship and creative activity of University of Windsor undergraduates, 2018 UWill Discover 2017 Home of the University of Windsor's Undergraduate Research Conference for 2017 UWill Discover 2016 Home of the University of Windsor's Undergraduate Research Conference for 2016 UWill Discover 2015 Home of the University of Windsor's Undergraduate Research Conference for 2015 Leddy Library Research Question Competition 2016 Leddy Research Question Competition 2016 Leddy Library Research Question Competition 2015 Leddy Research Question Competition 2015 Leddy Library Research Question Competition 2014 Leddy Research Question Competition 2014 Search Enter search terms: Select context to search: in this collection in this repository across all repositories Advanced Search Notify me via email or RSS Undergraduate Research Commons Browse Collections Disciplines Disciplines Authors Electronic Theses and Dissertations Author Corner Author FAQ How to Submit About Open Access UWill Discover Information Posters & Presentations Accommodations Other Undergrad Conferences Digital Commons Home | About | FAQ | My Account | Accessibility Statement Privacy Copyright
