https://scholar.uwindsor.ca/uwilldiscover/2019
UWill Discover 2019 | UWill Discover Undergraduate Conference
 Home Search Browse Collections My Account About Digital Commons Network™ Skip to main content University of Windsor My Account FAQ About Home Scholarship at UWindsor Home > CONFERENCES > UWillDiscover > UWill Discover 2019 UWill Discover 2019 Follow UWill Discover! About the Conference Download the 2019 Conference Program UWill Discover is a campus wide conference that showcases research, ideas, inventions and creative activity from every department and faculty on campus! It is excellent opportunity for students to share their work in an interdisciplinary context with faculty and their peers. There are also great opportunities for students to get involved in organizing the conference. UWill Discover draws attention to and celebrates our students’ research and original creative activity. It is an expression of the goals and aspirations of our University, to develop deeper and broader connections between teaching and research, between learning and the community, and between the classroom, the lab, and the working world. 2019 Awards Congratulations to the following student award winners People's Choice Award - Sponsored by the University of Windsor Alumni Association Determining the Essentiality of Spy-1 as a Novel Regulator of Mammary Cell Development Using CRISPR/Cas9 by Catalin M. Gramisteanu Healthy Great Lakes: Graduate Students: Behavioural Threshold and Management of Sea Lamprey (Petromyzon marinus) to Acoustic Stimuli by Victoria Heath The relational consequences for self-silencing undergraduate women by Tanja Samardzic and Charlene Y. Senn Microbial Water Quality Modelling of Recreational Beaches in Windsor Essex Region by Mohammad Madani and Rajesh Seth Undergraduate Students: Temporal Analysis of Conditions in the Great Lakes using Data from Buoys in Lake Erie by Madison McKnight MEMS based hydrophones for high resolution monitoring of underwater activities by Tara Ahmadi, Mohammed Jalal Ahamed and Shahpour Alirezaee The Foucault Pendulum by Jake Stephen Viable, Healthy, and Safe Communities: Graduate Students: Giving Better Presentations: Small Tweaks for Big Impact by Jacob McCourt Peer-mediated social skill interventions for children with Autism Spectrum Disorder: A systematic review by Lauren Sabourin Implications of Tumour Microenvironment on Aggressiveness, Invasiveness, and Therapy Response in Glioblastoma Multiforme by Carleigh A. Ross, Jon O'Beid, Dorota Lubanska, Ana deCarvalho, Swati Kulkarni, James Ewing and Lisa Porte Undergraduate Students: Magnetic Resonance Analysis Using Artificial Neural Networks by Tristhal Parasram and Dan Xiao Ubisol-Q10 (A Nanomicellar Water-Soluble Formulation of CoQ10) Supplementation Inhibits Behavioural and Pathological Symptoms in Double Transgenic Mouse Models of Alzheimer's Disease by Lauren Culmone #selfharn on Instagram: Understanding online communities surrounding non-suicidal self-injury (NSSI) through conversations and common properties among authors by Jory Fulcher, Sarah Dunbar, Elizabeth Orlando, Sara Santarossa and Sarah Woodruff Understanding Borders: Graduate Students: Automated Computer Hardware Security System by Ajay Maru The role of Spy1 in neuroendocrine prostate cancer transdifferentiation, stemness and therapy resistance by Martin K. Bakht, Keith F. Stringer, Rosa-Maria Ferraiuolo, Bre-Anne Fifield and Lisa A. Porter A Comparison of Canadian and Chinese Historical Narrative Formation by Christopher Cuffaro Undergraduate Students: English Writing in Chinese High School English Classes by Sanah Malik How Middle School Curriculum in Chongqing Portrays Chinese Socialism by Peter Miller The Role of the Arts in Chinese Middle Schools by Samantha Di Fazio Sustainable Industry: Graduate Students: Spectrum Sensing Station Prototype and probabilistic model by Danilo Corral-De-Witt Avian grape predation at vineyards: evaluating fruit preferences and non-invasive deterrent methods by Grace A. Bastien Life Expectancy Analysis and Optimization of Electric Vehicle Traction Motors by Donovan Thomas O'Donnell and Narayan Kar Undergraduate Students: Designing of Next Generation Motor Drive Control for Electric Vehicle Application by Mahwish M. Khan, Junxi Cai, Eshaan Ghosh and Narayan C. Kar Investigation of Emission Enhancement in Dual-Pulse and Resonance-Enhanced Laser-Induced Breakdown Spectroscopy by Robert Valente and Paul Dubovan Synthesis of a more biologically active anti-tumour agent by Michael A. Qaqish Grand Challenges Information When submitting your project proposal, you need to specify which one of the 4 grand challenges fits most closely with your work. If you have any questions about what grand challenge may fit your work most closely, please contact the UWill Discover Organizing Committee (uwilldiscover@uwindsor.ca) with "Grand Challenges" as the subject line. The University of Windsor has recast its strategic research priorities into four Grand Challenges: (1) Healthy Great Lakes; (2) Viable, Healthy and Safe Communities; (3) Sustainable Industry; and (4) Understanding Borders. These Grand Challenges are based on our geographical location and our historic research strengths. They collectively define us and tell the external world our aspirations and goals. No other Canadian university can tackle these challenges simultaneously today. Notice that each category crosses discipline boundaries and is inherently interdisciplinary. Please refer to the descriptions below about each grand challenge and determine which one your work fits best under. Healthy Great Lakes: Projects that advance and communicate fundamental knowledge of Great Lakes science; develop technologies that improve water quality and biota health; contribute to a culture that values and prioritizes activities that enhance the health of the Great Lakes; understand and help develop the policies and regulations to safeguard the Great Lakes; mitigate and adapt to the effects of natural and societal impact to the Great Lakes and lead remediation efforts in the Great Lakes region and beyond; and train highly qualified personnel who will become next-generation scholars and leaders. Viable, Healthy and Safe Communities: Explore and understand the social, economic and health conditions that will lead to viable, healthy and safe communities; advance knowledge about the lives of designated groups and diverse people , including First Nations, women, ethnic and sexual minorities, the disabled, recent immigrants and others, not only of problems, but also of strengths and resiliencies to maximize the health of people and the vibrancy of communities; advance the humanities, arts, social and natural sciences, technologies and engineering that will enhance the viability, health, livability and safety of communities; build synergy from various stakeholders and sectors that will enhance the above goals; and train highly qualified personnel who will become next-generation social and technological entrepreneurs, scholars and leaders. Sustainable Industry: Collaborate with multi-sector industrial stakeholders to help build sustainable industries; mobilize knowledge and technologies to collaborating industry partners; accommodate and facilitate the collaboration with participating industrial partners who prefer locating their innovation units at the University to develop next-generation ideas and products; provide business, legal and technical advice to industries on a collaborative basis; and train highly qualified personnel who will become next-generation industrial entrepreneurs, leaders, scientists and engineers. Understanding Borders Understand all issues, including logistical, economical, societal, human, cultural, political, legal and trade, associated with borders and border-crossing; understand and support the development of policies, regulations and best practices that will facilitate border crossing; develop the science, technology and engineering that will facilitate safe and secure border crossings, including that of knowledge, goods, certifications, regulations and people; train highly qualified personnel who will become next-generation scholars and leaders; and understand and support bi-national coordination of environmental and emergency management in border regions. Workshops Title: Preparing your submission for UWill Discover: Writing an Abstract, Original Work, or Artist Statement Date: Tuesday January 15, 2019 Time: 2:00-3:00 Facilitator: Nicole Vignone-Kiborn, Writing Support Centre with invited faculty members Location: Leddy 302 West Registration: http://cleo.uwindsor.ca/workshops/ctl/110/ Cost: Free! Description: Are you working on your submission for the UWill Discover! Conference? Would you like to learn more about how to succinctly communicate your research proposal? This workshop will discuss the components of a successful abstract including your research question, background knowledge, the importance of the work, the methodology or theoretical framework, and your research findings. Attention will also be given to how to write an artist’s statement. If you have a draft of your abstract or artist’s statement, please bring it to this session. Register soon, as there are limited spaces! Title: Preparing your submission for UWill Discover: Writing an Abstract, Original Work, or Artist Statement Date: Wednesday January 23, 2019 Time: 1:00-2:00 Facilitator: Kate Hargreaves, Writing Support Centre with invited faculty members Location: Leddy 302 West Registration: http://cleo.uwindsor.ca/workshops/ctl/110/ Cost: Free! Description: Are you working on your submission for the UWill Discover! Conference? Would you like to learn more about how to succinctly communicate your research proposal? This workshop will discuss the components of a successful abstract including your research question, background knowledge, the importance of the work, the methodology or theoretical framework, and your research findings. Attention will also be given to how to write an artist’s statement. If you have a draft of your abstract or artist’s statement, please bring it to this session. Register soon, as there are limited spaces! Title: Preparing your submission for UWill Discover: Writing an Abstract, Original Work, or Artist Statement Date: Monday January 28, 2019 Time: 1:30-2:30 Facilitator: Nicole Vignone-Kiborn, Writing Support Centre with invited faculty members Location: Leddy 302 West Registration: http://cleo.uwindsor.ca/workshops/ctl/110/ Cost: Free! Description: Are you working on your submission for the UWill Discover! Conference? Would you like to learn more about how to succinctly communicate your research proposal? This workshop will discuss the components of a successful abstract including your research question, background knowledge, the importance of the work, the methodology or theoretical framework, and your research findings. Attention will also be given to how to write an artist’s statement. If you have a draft of your abstract or artist’s statement, please bring it to this session. Register soon, as there are limited spaces! Search Enter search terms: Select context to search: in this collection in this repository across all repositories Advanced Search Notify me via email or RSS Browse Collections Disciplines Disciplines Authors Electronic Theses and Dissertations Author Corner Author FAQ How to Submit About Open Access UWill Discover Information Posters & Presentations Accommodations Other Undergrad Conferences Digital Commons Home | About | FAQ | My Account | Accessibility Statement Privacy Copyright
