https://scholar.uwindsor.ca/uwilldiscover/2018
UWill Discover 2018 | UWill Discover Undergraduate Conference
 Home Search Browse Collections My Account About Digital Commons Network™ Skip to main content University of Windsor My Account FAQ About Home Scholarship at UWindsor Home > CONFERENCES > UWillDiscover > UWill Discover 2018 Follow UWill Discover! Welcome to UWill Discover 2018! Encouraging Student Discovery in Research, Scholarship, and Creative Activity! About the Event Download the 2018 Conference Program Thank you to the undergraduate students who presented their research, scholarship, and creativity at the 2018 UWill Discover Conference! The 2018 conference included a record 100+ University of Windsor undergraduate student presentations, art installations, performances, and film productions over two days (March 22 and 23, 2018). The conference was an excellent opportunity for undergraduate students to highlight and showcase their discoveries and original work in their field of study, recognizing that discovery can take many forms and varies from field to field – research, business pitches, prototypes, film production, music and drama performance, compositions, educational tools, scholarship, etc. UWill Discover 2018 brought together students, faculty and staff across all university faculties and programs, along with regional business and community partners. UWill Discover was generously sponsored in part by: Thank you to EPICentre, for being the official sponsor of the 2018 UWill Discover Closing Reception and Awards Ceremony. Thank you to the Faculty of Arts, Humanities, and Social Sciences for being the official sponsor of Thursday's keynote speaker, renowned author Nino Ricci. Thank you to the Faculty of Science for being the official sponsor of Friday's keynote speaker, Debbie Landers, Vice President of Cognitive Solutions, Blockchain & Industry Solutions, IBM Canada. A special thank you to Green Bean Cafe for donating coffee during the refreshment breaks both days. 2018 AWARDS Grand Challenges: Students presented their work as it relates to one of the 4 Grand Challenges listed below. The University of Windsor has recast its strategic research priorities into four Grand Challenges: (1) Healthy Great Lakes; (2) Viable, Healthy and Safe Communities; (3) Sustainable Industry; and (4) Understanding Borders. These Grand Challenges are based on our geographical location and our historic research strengths. They collectively define us and tell the external world our aspirations and goals. No other Canadian university can tackle these challenges simultaneously today. Congratulations to the following student award winners: People's Choice Award - Sponsored by the University of Windsor Alumni Association The Social and Material factors affecting access to healthcare in Windsor Essex by Jamie Nantais, Sarah Hyland, Tiffany Mos, Heather Schreiner, Felicia Varacalli, Jennifer Hamel Healthy Great Lakes: Collecting Data for a Machine Learning Approach to Wetland Delineation by Brianna Lunardi Ecogeographical and climatic predictors of geographical variation in plumage and morphology in plumage and morphology in rufous-capped warblers, Basileuterus rufifrons by Grace A. Bastien, Stephanie Doucet, and Alana D. Demko Competitive Exclusion of Pulmonnate Landils From an Invasion by Tedi Hoxha Viable, Healthy, and Safe Communities: Isometric Handgrip Exercise: Does Device Matter? by Stephanie Rose Chauvin, Nicholas Caruana, Logan Shea, Olivia Sanders, Dave M. Andrews, Kevin J. Milne, and Cheri L. McGowan The Social And Material Factors Affecting Access To Health Care in Windsor-Essex by Jaime Nantais, Sarah Hyland, Tiffany Mos, Heather Schreiner, Felicia Varacalli, and Jennifer Hamel Synthesis of small molecule biological antifreeze and applications by Greg Yousif, Sayed Iraj Sadraie, and John Trant Sustainable Industry: Direct Investigation of the Supermolecular Assembly of Stretchable and self-healing Conjugated Polymers by Suendues Noori Thermal end caps for use in self immolative polymers by Sarah Nasri Synthesis of the Acetal Free Analogue of the KRN 7000 Glycosphingolpid by Michael Amjad Qaqish Understanding Borders: Student partner engagement in a flipped classroom by Alexa Dunn Are Women Thriving or Being Placed for Failure? Women at the Provincial Level of Ontario by Marissa Marie Bumanlag A Collaborative Student Approach to Address First Year Academic Challenges in Science by Layale Bazzi, Youshaa El-Abed, Tommaso Iacobelli, Michelle Bondy, and Dora Cavallo-Medved *NOTE* We will contact award winners to coordinate receiving their award. Workshops A series of workshops were held prior to the 2018 UWill Discover Conference: (1) Enhancing your UWill Discover Experience: Developing your Online Professional Presence and ePortfolio, (2) Developing an Effective UWill Discover Presentation: Communication Strategies, and (3) Submitting to UWill Discover: Writing an Abstract, Original Work, or Artist Statement. Check back regularly for more information about workshops in preparation for the 2019 UWill Discover Conference. For access to information presented during the 2018 workshops, please contact the Conference Organizing Committee at uwilldiscover@uwindsor.ca. Browse the contents of UWill Discover 2018: UWill Discover 2018 All Events Browse the contents of the 2018 UWill Discover Conference UWill Discover 2018 Day 1: March 22nd Oral and Visual Presentations from UWill Discover 2018 Day 1: March 22nd UWill Discover 2018 Day 2: March 23rd Oral and Visual Presentations from UWill Discover 2018 Day 2: March 23rd Search Enter search terms: Select context to search: in this collection in this repository across all repositories Advanced Search Notify me via email or RSS Browse Collections Disciplines Disciplines Authors Electronic Theses and Dissertations Author Corner Author FAQ How to Submit About Open Access UWill Discover Information Posters & Presentations Accommodations Other Undergrad Conferences Digital Commons Home | About | FAQ | My Account | Accessibility Statement Privacy Copyright
