http://leddy.uwindsor.ca/open-access
Open Access | Leddy Library | University of Windsor Main menu About the University Academic Programs Research Admissions Student Life Giving International Gateways for: Future Students Current Students Faculty & Staff Alumni Log in to myUWindsor Leddy Library You are hereHome › About › Research & Scholarly Communication › Open Access Open Access (OA) scholarly literature is digital, online, free of charge, coupled with the right to use these works fully in the digital environment. Most research has until very recently been only available to the reader through subscriptions or affiliation with an institution that pays subscription fees. Open access changes this model providing greater access to research results, accelerating the progress of research, and ensures that publicly funded research is available to the public. Open access makes it possible for the results of research to have the greatest possible impact. Tri-Agency and Windsor Open Access Policy Info Beginning in the spring of 2015, Tri-council (SSRHC, NSERC, CIHR) grant recipients are required to ensure that any peer-reviewed journal publications arising from Agency-supported research are freely accessible within 12 months of publication. Scholarship at UWindsor Institutional Repository Scholarship at UWindsor is a new platform for hosting, preserving, providing open access to the scholarly and creative works produced by researchers at the University of Windsor. Please contact Mita Williams with any questions (mita@uwindsor.ca). For more information download our info guide. FAQ: Scholarship at UWindsor and Open Access Since the launch of the Scholarship at UWindsor institutional repository we've received a lot of great questions about the IR and open access more generally. This FAQ provides answers to some of these frequently asked questions. Open Access Author Fee Discounts The library's subscriptions and support of OA publishing provides authors with author fee discounts with select publishers. The author fee portal provides more information on these discounts. Open Access Journals Published at the University of Windsor The Leddy Library has supported the creation of several Open Access Journals on campus through the Public Knowledge Project's Open Journal System (OJS) as well as supporting conferences through the Open Conference System. In the near future we will be introducing PKP's Open Monograph Press as well. Open Access Books Published at the University of Windsor Windsor Studies in Argumentation is our first series lanuch using the Open Monograph Press (OMP) from the Public Knowledge Project. OMP provides users with a fully functional submission, review and publishing system for monographs. Open Access Collections Are you interested in accessing publications and collections from the University of Windsor and around the world? Then check out our open access collections which are freely available to anyone around the world online. OA Quick Guide Print this page Display text-only version Search Library Catalogue Journal Articles & Research Tools Journal List Order From Other Libraries Course Readings Help Research Help Statistics and Data Help Writing Help Computer Help Services Borrowing Submit Course Resource Lists Check Group Rooms Contact Us About Leddy Research & Scholarly Communication Open Access Open Access: FAQ UWindsor Open Access Policy Tri-Agency Open Access Policy Tri-Agency OA FAQ Sherpa/Romeo Windsor Open Access Author Fee Portal Scholarship at UWindsor Repository Scholarship at UWindsor Guides Altmetrics Tracking Your Academic Footprint Author Rights - SPARC Research Grant and Funding Guide Journal Publishing from the University of Windsor Contact the Library University Directory Campus Map University Archives Rare Books & Special Collections Academic Data Centre Statistics Canada Research Data Centre Law Library Campus Copyright Information Copyright Guidelines & Requirements Copyright Resources Campus Copyright Updates Alberta Copyright Modules Collection of Personal Information Scholarship @ UWindsor Open Access Windsor Centre for Digital Scholarship Southwestern Ontario Digital Archive Polonia Centre Polish book fund Mental Health Resources University Home Leddy Library Home About the Library Sitemap
