https://www.uwindsor.ca/lancerrecreation/
Lancer Recreation Skip to main content University of Windsor Search Enter the terms you wish to search for. Search Support UWindsor CLOSE QUICK LINKS Current Students Blackboard UWinsite Student Faculty + Staff UWinsite Finance Alumni + Donors Industry + Community Partners About Overview Office of the President Virtual Tour Visitor Information Campus Maps Parking Place of Promise VIEW Magazine Academics Programs Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs International Programs Co-operative Education Continuing Education Support Office of the Registrar Student Awards Office of the Provost Faculties Arts, Humanities, and Social Sciences Law Education Nursing Engineering Business Graduate Studies Human Kinetics Science Research Overview Vice-President, Research & Innovation Research & Innovation Services Research Appointments Research Ethics Research Safety Animal Care Research Finance Leddy Library UWill Discover! EPICentre Student Life Overview UWindsor Events SoCA Concerts & Events Lancers Varsity Sports University Players Athletics + Recreation Services Student Accessibility Services Residence Food Services Student Support Back to Top FUTURE STUDENTS ask.UWindsor MENU ask.UWindsor FUTURE STUDENTS Lancer Recreation In this section About Us Staff Directory Aquatics Fitness/Instructional Classes Intramurals Student Groups/Clubs Facilities Lancer Summer Camps Student Engagement Health and Wellness About Us Staff Directory Aquatics Fitness/Instructional Classes Intramurals Student Groups/Clubs Facilities Lancer Summer Camps Student Engagement Health and Wellness UWindsor Home Lancer Recreation Welcome to Lancer Recreation Welcome to Lancer Recreation Mission The mission of Lancer Recreation is to support student well-being through engagement in recreation and leadership opportunities to foster a lifetime commitment to personal development. Vision We will provide current and innovative recreation programming to enrich the University of Windsor student experience Principles and Values (P.L.E.A.S.E.) Partnership: Build sustaining relationships with other units on and off campus to maximize the University's efforts in wellness and leisure time services. The results will strengthen the University's recruitment and retention of students, staff and faculty. Leadership Development: Provide superior opportunities for students to evolve as leaders by recognizing and fully developing their talents. Offer all students leadership training, education and opportunities. Encourage them to pursue responsibility and develop to their full potential while maintaining a balance between work and personal needs. Foster an enriching, participatory and fun environment that encourages open communication among all staff. Equity/Diversity: Offer a welcoming environment that treats all people as individuals in a courteous, friendly, fair, helpful and respectful manner. Accessibility: Create an environment that values, embraces and enriches individual differences by providing programs, services, and staff which reflect the diversity of the University. Sustainable Service: Meet the needs of the present Lancer and community without compromising the ability of future generations to meet their needs from a social, economical and environmental perspective. Engagement: Develop a Lancer and community-wide awareness of our programs and services to attract and inform new and current participants of recreational opportunities. Location: St. Denis Centre Building - Dennis Fairall Fieldhouse - Alumni Field 2555 College Avenue Windsor, ON, CA N9B 3P4 Phone: (519) 253-3000 Ext. 7029 Email: camprec@uwindsor.ca share tweet save Tweets by LancerRec share tweet save Contact Us University Directory Accessibility News Services for Media UWindsor mobile apps Terms & Conditions Policies Manage UWin Account Emergency Services for Students Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Facebook Follow us on LinkedIn Follow us on Flickr Follow us on Youtube Follow us on Instagram
