http://www.uwindsor.ca/music/445/community-concert-series-soca
Community Concert series at SoCA | SoCA Music Skip to main content University of Windsor Search Enter the terms you wish to search for. Search Support UWindsor CLOSE QUICK LINKS Current Students Blackboard UWinsite Student Faculty + Staff UWinsite Finance Alumni + Donors Industry + Community Partners About Overview Office of the President Virtual Tour Visitor Information Campus Maps Parking Place of Promise VIEW Magazine Academics Programs Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs International Programs Co-operative Education Continuing Education Support Office of the Registrar Student Awards Office of the Provost Faculties Arts, Humanities, and Social Sciences Law Education Nursing Engineering Business Graduate Studies Human Kinetics Science Research Overview Vice-President, Research & Innovation Research & Innovation Services Research Appointments Research Ethics Research Safety Animal Care Research Finance Leddy Library UWill Discover! EPICentre Student Life Overview UWindsor Events SoCA Concerts & Events Lancers Varsity Sports University Players Athletics + Recreation Services Student Accessibility Services Residence Food Services Student Support Back to Top FUTURE STUDENTS ask.UWindsor MENU ask.UWindsor FUTURE STUDENTS SoCA Music SoCA Music In this section Music Homepage Current Music Students SoCA Rooms -Booking Future Music Students Music Audition Information Mock Audition Information Music Auditions Undergraduate Programs SoCA Events Faculty 3rd Year and Graduation Student Recitals Ensembles High School Honour Choir Honour Jazz Ensemble Giving to Music Faculty of Arts, Humanities & Social Sciences Buy Tickets FAQs re SoCA's new campus Music Homepage Current Music Students SoCA Rooms -Booking Future Music Students Music Audition Information Mock Audition Information Music Auditions Undergraduate Programs SoCA Events Faculty 3rd Year and Graduation Student Recitals Ensembles High School Honour Choir Honour Jazz Ensemble Giving to Music Faculty of Arts, Humanities & Social Sciences Buy Tickets FAQs re SoCA's new campus SoCA Music Community Concert series at SoCA Community Concert series at SoCA Young pianist playing piano during a Community Concert ORMTA and Community Concerts at the SoCA Armouries 2018 - 2019 All ORMTA and Community Concerts take place on Sundays at 2:00 pm in the Performance Hall of the new SoCA Armouries building located at 37 Univeristy Ave. East (the corner of University Avenue East and Freedom Way) in downtown Windsor. ORMTA Recitals feature students in the studios of Ontario Registered Music Teachers’ Assoc. members. Most are piano recitals. The Ontario Registered Music Teachers' Association (ORMTA) is a not-for-profit provincial organization managed by a volunteer council and comprised of more than 1300 Registered Music Teachers and related members across Ontario. The aim of the ORMTA is to encourage and provide the highest caliber of music education possible and to promote exceptional standards of music in each community. www.ormta.org The Community Concert Series provides an opportunity for Windsor and Essex County music students to perform solo and chamber pieces, with access to a high-quality grand piano. As valued members of the musical community, we invite your private students to participate. Pianists, instrumentalists, and vocalists are all welcome as soloists or in small ensembles, with or without accompaniment. Performances: Sundays Jan. 27, Feb. 10, March 3, 10, 24, 31; April 7, 14 For information, please contact: Mr. Trevor Pittman Concert Producer / Operations Manager tpittman@uwindsor.ca (519) 253-3000 ext. 2799 Updated: January 2, 2019 share tweet save Upcoming Events Wind Ensemble Fall Concert Fri, 11/29/2019 - 19:30 Jazz Ensemble Concert Sat, 11/30/2019 - 19:30 Festival of Christmas - Saturday Sat, 12/07/2019 - 14:30 Festival of Christmas - Sunday Sun, 12/08/2019 - 14:30 share tweet save Contact Us University Directory Accessibility News Services for Media UWindsor mobile apps Terms & Conditions Policies Manage UWin Account Emergency Services for Students Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Facebook Follow us on LinkedIn Follow us on Flickr Follow us on Youtube Follow us on Instagram
