https://tix5.centerstageticketing.com/sites/windsor6/
Event selection Select event Performance Select tickets Patron information Payment Receipt BROWSER ERROR Your browser either has Javascript turned off or is unable to run Javascript code. Javascript needs to be turned on. Already have an account, please login. Login BEAUTY AND THE BEAST Essex Hall Theatre University of Windsor Nov 29, 2019 through Dec 08, 2019 Purchase Event Details Event Details Audiences of all ages will be thrilled by this dramatic retelling of the classic tale through movement and music. Here we encounter two worlds - the domestic world of Beauty's family in mid-eighteenth-century France, safe and familiar - and another world, first stumbled upon by her merchant father: a place of great riches and disturbing nightmares, dominated by the fearsome and tragic Beast. Uniting the two is Beauty's humility and sense of duty, which slowly matures into transforming love. NOVEMBER 30 2PM MATINEE will be a RELAXED PERFORMANCE THE CASSILIS ENGAGEMENT Essex Hall Theatre University of Windsor Jan 31, 2020 through Feb 09, 2020 Purchase Event Details Event Details A period comedy in 4 acts. Young Geoffrey Cassilis, the widowed Mrs. Cassilis' only son and heir to a vast country estate and fortune, has fallen in love with Ethel Borridge, a lowly shopgirl he met during an omnibus accident in London. Mrs. Cassilis' friends and relations in the country around the family seat at Milverton are appalled both at the engagement and at Mrs. Cassilis' seeming approval of it. "Seeming" is indeed the key word. Mrs. Cassilis is afraid that if she were to let her true feelings of opposition be known and object openly to the engagement, Geoffrey might marry the girl out of spite. Instead, Mrs. Cassilis' strategy is to invite Ethel and her mother to stay with them in the country to see if the lowborn city girl can really stand the dull kind of life her fiance will live. MORNING SACRIFICE Hatch Studio Theatre University of Windsor Feb 28, 2020 through Mar 08, 2020 Purchase Event Details Event Details Morning Sacrifice is set in the staff room of a girls high school, on the eve of the Second World War in September 1939. Cusack's skill at characterization and the creating of escalating tension make the play a fascinating study in day to day routine which is stripped away to reveal a hall of horrors, nastiness and hypocrisy. The action alternates between comedy and horror as the teachers battle tooth and nail for the good of the pupils and the reputation of the school. STAG AND DOE Essex Hall Theatre University of Windsor Mar 27, 2020 through Apr 05, 2020 Purchase Event Details Event Details Bonnie and Brad are having a party to raise money for their upcoming wedding, the cost of which has secretly gotten out of control. Their wisecracking Maid of Honour, Dee, is still getting over being left at the altar seven years ago - and now she has to come face-to-face with her ex. Bridezilla Mandy and her doting groom Rob are getting married today - even though their big white tent blew away in last night's storm. And oh yeah.single dad Jay just found out his entire catering staff is in jail! It's all happening at the same time, in the same community hall kitchen, in the same small town. Taking place over one eventful Saturday in June, the two couples strike a deal to share the local reception hall for their Stag and Doe and wedding. Among the unset Jell-o shots, a missing wedding cake, and a disastrous first dance, past relationships are examined, current couples are put to the test, and new romance blossoms. By turns wildly funny and unexpectedly touching, Stag and Doe offers a look at a distinctly rural Canadian prenuptial tradition and shines a light on the nature of love, marriage, and weddings. University Players - University of Windsor Essex Hall Theatre 401 Sunset Avenue, Windsor, ON N9B 3P4 Box Office Phone: 519-253-3000 Ext. 2808 Box Office Hours: During Show Times - M-F 2-8 PM, Sat 11 AM-8 PM, Sun 11 AM-2 PM
