https://www.uwindsor.ca/studentaccessibility/324/intake-and-registration
Intake and Registration  | Student Accessibility Services Skip to main content University of Windsor Search Enter the terms you wish to search for. Search Support UWindsor CLOSE QUICK LINKS Current Students Blackboard UWinsite Student Faculty + Staff UWinsite Finance Alumni + Donors Industry + Community Partners About Overview Office of the President Virtual Tour Visitor Information Campus Maps Parking Place of Promise VIEW Magazine Academics Programs Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs International Programs Co-operative Education Continuing Education Support Office of the Registrar Student Awards Office of the Provost Faculties Arts, Humanities, and Social Sciences Law Education Nursing Engineering Business Graduate Studies Human Kinetics Science Research Overview Vice-President, Research & Innovation Research & Innovation Services Research Appointments Research Ethics Research Safety Animal Care Research Finance Leddy Library UWill Discover! EPICentre Student Life Overview UWindsor Events SoCA Concerts & Events Lancers Varsity Sports University Players Athletics + Recreation Services Student Accessibility Services Residence Food Services Student Support Back to Top FUTURE STUDENTS ask.UWindsor MENU ask.UWindsor FUTURE STUDENTS Student Accessibility Services Student Accessibility Services Students Home Students Academic Accommodations Disability Documentation Intake & Registration Exam Information Financial Assistance Alternate Format Texbooks Note Taking Support Frequently Asked Questions Prospective Students Faculty & Staff Transition Programs Downtown Campus Emergency Response Procedures Contact Us Home Students Academic Accommodations Disability Documentation Intake & Registration Exam Information Financial Assistance Alternate Format Texbooks Note Taking Support Frequently Asked Questions Prospective Students Faculty & Staff Transition Programs Downtown Campus Emergency Response Procedures Contact Us UWindsor Home Student Accessibility Services Students Intake and Registration Intake and Registration Intake Students seeking academic accommodation for an ongoing, diagnosed disability (whether permanent or temporary) must begin the process by completing the Student Accessibility Services Online Intake Form. Once this is done, you will be contacted to arrange a meeting with an Advisor. During the initial intake appointment, students will be asked to provide basic information about themselves and their disability-related academic needs. It is recommended that when possible, students be prepared to provide documentation of the disability for which accommodations are being sought. Your Intake Advisor will review your current documentation with you and provide you with clear direction if new or additional documentation is required. For more information about documentation requirements, please review the Guidelines for Documentation of Disability web page. As well, students who require the support of a Service Animal, must review the Policy on Presence of Service Animals before completing SAS' online intake form. Registration It is often the case that intake and registration with Student Accessibility Services (SAS) can be completed in one appointment with the same advisor. However, in circumstances where new or additional documentation of disability is required, it may be necessary for students to return for a follow-up appointment(s) in order to complete the registration process. At that time, the appropriateness of the documentation, accommodation options and SAS policies and procedures will be discussed. In some circumstances, interim accommodations will be provided while we assist students through the process of providing appropriate documentation of disability. Academic accommodations will be provided if there is a demonstrated and direct impact on academic performance as the result of a disability. Advisors will recommend appropriate means of meeting accommodation needs and once approved, those recommendations will be stated in a formal "Letter of Accommodation" which the student is required to submit to each instructor in a given semester. Please note that students in programs other than education or law are required to meet with an Advisor at the beginning of every semester in order to formally request services for that semester, review their accommodations and if necessary, update documentation. However, should a student wish to waive the right to meet with their Advisor each term, an Express Registration Form may be completed at the beginning of every semester and submitted to sas@uwindsor.ca. Again, due to the nature of their programs of study, students in education or law programs are only required to register with SAS at the beginning of their academic year. share tweet save share tweet save Contact Us University Directory Accessibility News Services for Media UWindsor mobile apps Terms & Conditions Policies Manage UWin Account Emergency Services for Students Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Facebook Follow us on LinkedIn Follow us on Flickr Follow us on Youtube Follow us on Instagram
