http://www.uwindsor.ca/residence/Winter Orientation
Winter Orientation | Student Orientation Skip to main content University of Windsor Search Enter the terms you wish to search for. Search Support UWindsor CLOSE QUICK LINKS Current Students Blackboard UWinsite Student Faculty + Staff UWinsite Finance Alumni + Donors Industry + Community Partners About Overview Office of the President Virtual Tour Visitor Information Campus Maps Parking Place of Promise VIEW Magazine Academics Programs Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs International Programs Co-operative Education Continuing Education Support Office of the Registrar Student Awards Office of the Provost Faculties Arts, Humanities, and Social Sciences Law Education Nursing Engineering Business Graduate Studies Human Kinetics Science Research Overview Vice-President, Research & Innovation Research & Innovation Services Research Appointments Research Ethics Research Safety Animal Care Research Finance Leddy Library UWill Discover! EPICentre Student Life Overview UWindsor Events SoCA Concerts & Events Lancers Varsity Sports University Players Athletics + Recreation Services Student Accessibility Services Residence Food Services Student Support Back to Top FUTURE STUDENTS ask.UWindsor MENU ask.UWindsor FUTURE STUDENTS Student Orientation Student Orientation In this section Home Winter Orientation Registration Schedule Parking Pass Head Start Mature, Transfer and Part-Time Student Orientation UWindsor Welcome Week Parents Student Jobs Home Winter Orientation Registration Schedule Parking Pass Head Start Mature, Transfer and Part-Time Student Orientation UWindsor Welcome Week Parents Student Jobs UWindsor Home Student Orientation Winter Orientation Winter Orientation Winter Orientation is for students admitted for the spring semester and prepares students for their educational experience at the Univerity of Windsor, including an opportunity to chat with an academic advisor. Guests are encouraged to attend Winter Orientation with their student to learn about the University of Windsor student experience and how they can support their student. We look forward to welcoming you to the Lancer Family! Register NOW! International Student? We have orientation programs just for you: Undergraduate, Graduate and MEng Students can find information on the International Student Centre's Website. Students attending the Centre for English Language Development can find information about their orientation program here. Parking Pass Will you be driving to Winter Orientation? Download and print the attached parking pass for FREE parking on January 4th. Students looking to purchase a parking pass will have to wait for the one day sale, the date is TBD. Those without a parking pass are still subject to getting a parking ticket on campus if they do not have a parking pass. You are encouraged to park in the pay-n-display lots or the garage during this time. Backup Date The back-up date for winter orientation is Thursday, January 9th from 5 pm to 7:30 pm in Dillon Hall 267. All registered participants will be notified via email in the event that Winter Orientation is rescheduled due to inclement weather. Schedule We have a full day of activities planned for you! Winter Orientation will begin at 10:00 AM. Attending this orientation will allow you the opportunity to become familiar with your new campus and learn about techniques, and services offered to help you succeed while at the University of Windsor. To view the full schedule, click here. Presentations to be Covered If you aren't able to make it to the Winter Orientation presentations don't worry, the presentation slides will be posted here following orientation. If you are looking for more photos like this, updates about student life on campus, awesome prize giveaways, or for fun things to do, follow us at the links below! share tweet save share tweet save Contact Us University Directory Accessibility News Services for Media UWindsor mobile apps Terms & Conditions Policies Manage UWin Account Emergency Services for Students Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Facebook Follow us on LinkedIn Follow us on Flickr Follow us on Youtube Follow us on Instagram
