http://www.twitter.com/uwindsorres
University of Windsor Residence Services (@UWindsorRes) | Twitter We've detected that JavaScript is disabled in your browser. Would you like to proceed to legacy Twitter? Yes Skip to content Home Home Home, current page. Moments Moments Moments, current page. Search query Search Twitter Saved searches Remove In this conversation Verified accountProtected Tweets @ Suggested users Verified accountProtected Tweets @ Verified accountProtected Tweets @ Language: English Bahasa Indonesia Bahasa Melayu Català Čeština Dansk Deutsch English UK Español Filipino Français Hrvatski Italiano Magyar Nederlands Norsk Polski Português Română Slovenčina Suomi Svenska Tiếng Việt Türkçe Ελληνικά Български език Русский Српски Українська мова עִבְרִית العربية فارسی मराठी हिन्दी বাংলা ગુજરાતી தமிழ் ಕನ್ನಡ ภาษาไทย 한국어 日本語 简体中文 繁體中文 Have an account? Log in Have an account? Remember me · Forgot password? New to Twitter? Sign up University of Windsor Residence Services @UWindsorRes Tweets Tweets, current page. 493 Following Following 120 Followers Followers 712 Likes Likes 136 More Likes Unmute @UWindsorRes Mute @UWindsorRes Follow Follow @UWindsorRes Following Following @UWindsorRes Unfollow Unfollow @UWindsorRes Blocked Blocked @UWindsorRes Unblock Unblock @UWindsorRes Pending Pending follow request from @UWindsorRes Cancel Cancel your follow request to @UWindsorRes University of Windsor Residence Services @UWindsorRes This is the official Twitter account of Residence Services at the University of Windsor. Room #49 Vanier Hall uwindsor.ca/residence Joined November 2012 183 Photos and videos Photos and videos Tweets Tweets Tweets, current page. Tweets & replies Media You blocked @UWindsorRes Are you sure you want to view these Tweets? Viewing Tweets won't unblock @UWindsorRes Yes, view profile Close University of Windsor Residence Services followed Pinned Tweet University of Windsor Residence Services‏ @UWindsorRes 14 Sep 2018 More Copy link to Tweet Embed Tweet Lancers, follow us on all four of our social media platforms! Stay informed, get involved, and create the best residence experience possible! #LancerPridepic.twitter.com/pwgA54hloz 0 replies 3 retweets 5 likes Reply Retweet 3 Retweeted 3 Like 5 Liked 5 Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo Undo University of Windsor Residence Services‏ @UWindsorRes Nov 14 More Copy link to Tweet Embed Tweet We have our first $100 Amazon Gift Card winner! Congratulations! If you want to be our next winner, make sure to fill out the Residence Student Experience Survey.pic.twitter.com/SLifm6PvKT 0 replies 0 retweets 2 likes Reply Retweet Retweeted Like 2 Liked 2 Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo Undo University of Windsor Residence Services‏ @UWindsorRes Nov 14 More Copy link to Tweet Embed Tweet On Wednesday, November 20th please join us as we go to the Canadian Blood Services Clinic. Give the gift of life!pic.twitter.com/N4PPDGgKoE 1 reply 0 retweets 0 likes Reply 1 Retweet Retweeted Like Liked Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo Undo University of Windsor Residence Services‏ @UWindsorRes Nov 7 More Copy link to Tweet Embed Tweet Check your UWindsor email tomorrow and fill out the Student Experience Survey for your chance to win one of the 3 $100 Amazon gift cards!pic.twitter.com/JiBx7F08Kf 0 replies 1 retweet 2 likes Reply Retweet 1 Retweeted 1 Like 2 Liked 2 Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo Undo University of Windsor Residence Services‏ @UWindsorRes Nov 2 More Copy link to Tweet Embed Tweet Take a Residence tour of Macdonald, Cartier & Alumni Halls from now until 4pm. #UWinOpenHousepic.twitter.com/mpNVyj7Ma7 0 replies 0 retweets 2 likes Reply Retweet Retweeted Like 2 Liked 2 Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo Undo University of Windsor Residence Services‏ @UWindsorRes Nov 2 More Copy link to Tweet Embed Tweet Residence tours for Macdonald, Cartier & Alumni Halls from 10am-4pm today. #UWinOpenHousepic.twitter.com/tIWP0Uw4TW 0 replies 0 retweets 2 likes Reply Retweet Retweeted Like 2 Liked 2 Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo Undo University of Windsor Residence Services‏ @UWindsorRes Nov 2 More Copy link to Tweet Embed Tweet Live in Residence and take advantage of Living Learning Communities where you will live with students from your faculty. #UWinOpenHousepic.twitter.com/LI1HKbE1jN 0 replies 0 retweets 1 like Reply Retweet Retweeted Like 1 Liked 1 Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo Undo University of Windsor Residence Services‏ @UWindsorRes Oct 31 More Copy link to Tweet Embed Tweet Take a tour of our residences at Fall Open House this Saturday (November 2nd, 2019) from 10am-4pm. #UWinOpenHousepic.twitter.com/W7s0uQjXE6 0 replies 0 retweets 0 likes Reply Retweet Retweeted Like Liked Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo Undo University of Windsor Residence Services‏ @UWindsorRes Oct 22 More Copy link to Tweet Embed Tweet WE’RE BACK!! COME SUPPORT OUR UNIVERSITY OF WINDSOR LANCER MEN’S AND WOMEN’S BASKETBALL TEAMS AS THEY KICK OFF THE SEASON WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 23RD. Women Tip Off at 6PM and Men at 8PM. FREE ADMISSION FOR STUDENTS and chances to compete in quarter break competitions.pic.twitter.com/H7VQRd6yP6 0 replies 2 retweets 0 likes Reply Retweet 2 Retweeted 2 Like Liked Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo Undo University of Windsor Residence Services‏ @UWindsorRes Oct 10 More Copy link to Tweet Embed Tweet Friends-giving is happening on October 14th from 3-7pm in the McPherson Lounge. We know that the holidays can be a tough time. Whether you are unable to go home for the holiday weekend, or maybe you don't have a place to go, we want you to feel like you have a place to belong!pic.twitter.com/3U2imnrL6L 0 replies 0 retweets 1 like Reply Retweet Retweeted Like 1 Liked 1 Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo Undo University of Windsor Residence Services‏ @UWindsorRes Oct 2 More Copy link to Tweet Embed Tweet Interested in chatting with a nursing student while having a treat at the Crocodile Grill? Come out on Tuesday, October 8th at 7pm!pic.twitter.com/TuA67Y09vC 0 replies 0 retweets 0 likes Reply Retweet Retweeted Like Liked Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo Undo University of Windsor Residence Services‏ @UWindsorRes Jun 26 More Copy link to Tweet Embed Tweet Haven't made living arrangements yet? Plans fall through? Don't worry, there are still rooms available in residence for Fall/Winter 2019-2020! Apply now to secure your spot http://www.uwindsor.ca/residence/ pic.twitter.com/edugw3OUQP 0 replies 1 retweet 0 likes Reply Retweet 1 Retweeted 1 Like Liked Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo Undo University of Windsor Residence Services‏ @UWindsorRes Jun 2 More Copy link to Tweet Embed Tweet Tomorrow is the deadline for a guaranteed room assignment for students coming directly from high school. To qualify you must apply and submit your deposit. If you have any questions regarding the application process, please send us a message!pic.twitter.com/HHf7yv3yHt 0 replies 0 retweets 1 like Reply Retweet Retweeted Like 1 Liked 1 Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo Undo University of Windsor Residence Services‏ @UWindsorRes May 28 More Copy link to Tweet Embed Tweet Attention first year students coming directly from high school! To be guaranteed a room assignment you must apply and submit your deposit by June 3rd! Don't miss out apply now at http://www.uwindsor.ca/residence/1033/apply-residence …pic.twitter.com/030U72JrSz 0 replies 3 retweets 3 likes Reply Retweet 3 Retweeted 3 Like 3 Liked 3 Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo Undo University of Windsor Residence Services‏ @UWindsorRes May 14 More Copy link to Tweet Embed Tweet Beyond 1st year students! Residence is still accepting applications for Fall/Winter 2019-2020. What are you waiting for? Apply now at https://www.uwindsor.ca/residence/987/2019-2019-fallwinte …pic.twitter.com/zRPAPYkS4s 0 replies 0 retweets 0 likes Reply Retweet Retweeted Like Liked Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo Undo University of Windsor Residence Services‏ @UWindsorRes Apr 23 More Copy link to Tweet Embed Tweet On Monday, April 15th, the Green Team held a tree planting ceremony to symbolize the University of Windsor’s commitment to environmental sustainability. Residence students making a difference!pic.twitter.com/Mdh09Ad3I2 0 replies 0 retweets 3 likes Reply Retweet Retweeted Like 3 Liked 3 Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo Undo University of Windsor Residence Services‏ @UWindsorRes Apr 19 More Copy link to Tweet Embed Tweet Thanks for a great year, Lancers! #WindsorProudpic.twitter.com/72V0PK471e 0 replies 0 retweets 4 likes Reply Retweet Retweeted Like 4 Liked 4 Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo Undo University of Windsor Residence Services‏ @UWindsorRes Apr 12 More Copy link to Tweet Embed Tweet Have you thought about what you are going to do with your supplies over the summer break? The Storage Box offers - The Student Storage Program Go to https://www.uwindsor.ca/residence/1031/storage-box … to learn morepic.twitter.com/cxsG6cryHJ 0 replies 0 retweets 0 likes Reply Retweet Retweeted Like Liked Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo Undo University of Windsor Residence Services‏ @UWindsorRes Apr 11 More Copy link to Tweet Embed Tweet Thank you to everyone who joined us to decorate the Quad with its first-ever pride crosswalk! A special shout out to CA Dakota and RA Joshua for organizing the event. #Pride #Loveislove #LancerPride @UWindsor @UWSA4U @CBCWindsorpic.twitter.com/uRfFo2JuhU 0 replies 4 retweets 15 likes Reply Retweet 4 Retweeted 4 Like 15 Liked 15 Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo Undo University of Windsor Residence Services‏ @UWindsorRes Apr 10 More Copy link to Tweet Embed Tweet Thank you to everyone who joined us for the second Blue and Gold Star Recognition Reception on Friday, April 5th. A special shoutout to CA Dakota and RLC Zoë for their achievement! #LancerPridepic.twitter.com/4GzFAm0rFn 0 replies 0 retweets 3 likes Reply Retweet Retweeted Like 3 Liked 3 Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo Undo University of Windsor Residence Services Retweeted Lynn Charron‏ @LynnCharron Mar 29 More Copy link to Tweet Embed Tweet Our awesome 2019-2020 RLS team!! Can't wait to work & grow with them!pic.twitter.com/NECsBBTI8K 0 replies 3 retweets 16 likes Reply Retweet 3 Retweeted 3 Like 16 Liked 16 Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo Undo @UWindsorRes hasn't Tweeted yet. Back to top ↑ Loading seems to be taking a while. Twitter may be over capacity or experiencing a momentary hiccup. Try again or visit Twitter Status for more information. Want to take advantage of all the new Twitter features? Itʼs simple – just log in. Log in Sign up You may also like · Refresh false © 2019 Twitter About Help Center Terms Privacy policy Cookies Ads info Close Choose a trend location Dismiss Close Previous Next Close Go to a person's profile Saved searches Remove In this conversation Verified accountProtected Tweets @ Suggested users Verified accountProtected Tweets @ Verified accountProtected Tweets @ Close Promote this Tweet Close Block Cancel Block Tweet with a location You can add location information to your Tweets, such as your city or precise location, from the web and via third-party applications. You always have the option to delete your Tweet location history. Learn more Turn on Not now Close Your lists Close Create a new list List name Description Under 100 characters, optional Privacy Public · Anyone can follow this list Private · Only you can access this list Save list Close Close Copy link to Tweet Here's the URL for this Tweet. Copy it to easily share with friends. Close Embed this Tweet Embed this Video Add this Tweet to your website by copying the code below. Learn more Add this video to your website by copying the code below. Learn more Hmm, there was a problem reaching the server. Try again? Include parent Tweet Include media By embedding Twitter content in your website or app, you are agreeing to the Twitter Developer Agreement and Developer Policy. Preview Close Why you're seeing this ad Close Log in to Twitter Remember me · Forgot password? Don't have an account? Sign up » Close Sign up for Twitter Not on Twitter? Sign up, tune into the things you care about, and get updates as they happen. Sign up Have an account? Log in » Close Two-way (sending and receiving) short codes: Country Code For customers of United States 40404 (any) Canada 21212 (any) United Kingdom 86444 Vodafone, Orange, 3, O2 Brazil 40404 Nextel, TIM Haiti 40404 Digicel, Voila Ireland 51210 Vodafone, O2 India 53000 Bharti Airtel, Videocon, Reliance Indonesia 89887 AXIS, 3, Telkomsel, Indosat, XL Axiata Italy 4880804 Wind 3424486444 Vodafone » See SMS short codes for other countries Close Confirmation Close Close Skip all Welcome home! This timeline is where you’ll spend most of your time, getting instant updates about what matters to you. Tweets not working for you? Hover over the profile pic and click the Following button to unfollow any account. Say a lot with a little When you see a Tweet you love, tap the heart — it lets the person who wrote it know you shared the love. Spread the word The fastest way to share someone else’s Tweet with your followers is with a Retweet. Tap the icon to send it instantly. Join the conversation Add your thoughts about any Tweet with a Reply. Find a topic you’re passionate about, and jump right in. Learn the latest Get instant insight into what people are talking about now. Get more of what you love Follow more accounts to get instant updates about topics you care about. Find what's happening See the latest conversations about any topic instantly. Never miss a Moment Catch up instantly on the best stories happening as they unfold. Back Next Next Tweet from user
