http://www.facebook.com/uwindsorres
University of Windsor Residence Services - Windsor, Ontario | Facebook Jump to Sections of this page Accessibility Help Press opt + / to open this menu Facebook Email or Phone Password Forgot account? Home Posts Reviews Videos Photos About Community Twitter Events See more of University of Windsor Residence Services on Facebook Log In orCreate New Account See more of University of Windsor Residence Services on Facebook Log In Forgot account? orCreate New Account Not Now University of Windsor Residence Services College & University in Windsor, Ontario 4.5 4.5 out of 5 stars. Closed Now CommunitySee All 1,750 people like this 1,836 people follow this 100 check-ins AboutSee All Room #49, Vanier Hall, 401 Sunset Ave (1.68 mi) Windsor, Ontario N9B 3P4 Get Directions (519) 253-3000 Ext 3279 Contact University of Windsor Residence Services on Messenger www.uwindsor.ca/residence College & University · Campus Building Opens Monday Closed Now Page TransparencySee More Facebook is showing information to help you better understand the purpose of a Page. See actions taken by the people who manage and post content. Page created - May 30, 2008 People 1,750 likes 100 visits Pages Liked by This Page University of Windsor Student Centre University of Windsor Student Experience WIRC UWindsor Shinerama University of Windsor Related Pages Leddy Library - University of Windsor Library UWindsor Engineering College & University University of Windsor Kinesiology Campus Building Windsor Engineering Society Engineering Service UWSA - University of Windsor Students' Alliance College & University UWindsor GSS Campus Building University of Windsor College & University FAHSS - Academic and Student Success College & University Windsor Lancers School Sports Team University of Windsor Student Centre School Co-op, Career and Employment Services at UWindsor College & University University of Windsor - Faculty of Science Science Website Windsor SOS - Students Offering Support Nonprofit Organization Community Living Windsor Community Organization Campus Bookstore - University of Windsor Campus Building uOttawa College & University Office of Research and Innovation Services, University of Windsor Public & Government Service Trent University :: School of Education College & University University of Saskatchewan Residence College & University Courses for Teachers College & University See Moretriangle-down Places Windsor, Ontario Campus Building University of Windsor Residence Services English (US) · Français (Canada) · Español · Português (Brasil) · Deutsch Privacy · Terms · Advertising · Ad Choices · Cookies · More Facebook © 2019 Posts University of Windsor Residence Services September 14, 2018 · Lancers, follow us on all four of our social media platforms! Stay informed, get involved, and create the best residence experience possible! #LancerPride University of Windsor Residence Services Yesterday at 9:25 AM · We have our first $100 Amazon Gift Card winner! Congratulations! If you want to be our next winner, make sure to fill out the Residence Student Experience Survey. See All Recommendations and Reviews Hi I wanted to apply intake of may'17, for bs(it) can somebody tell me how much Toefl score are requ...ired? Hope to have a good response thanks :) See More February 6, 2017 March 5, 2016 October 29, 2014 See All Videos Desk Assistant applications close Sept 15 by 11:59pm. Apply at https://success.uwindsor.ca/login.htm 1 2 #ICloverSober iPad giveaway! 12 9 Sleeping a lot? Feeling unmotivated? Withdrawing from social situations and friends? Maybe it's not just the Winter Blah's? The Mac RLS team has put together a quick public service announcement to help you! 5 1 See All See More
