http://www.uwindsor.ca/success/
Student Success and Leadership Centre Skip to main content University of Windsor Search Enter the terms you wish to search for. Search Support UWindsor CLOSE QUICK LINKS Current Students Blackboard UWinsite Student Faculty + Staff UWinsite Finance Alumni + Donors Industry + Community Partners About Overview Office of the President Virtual Tour Visitor Information Campus Maps Parking Place of Promise VIEW Magazine Academics Programs Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs International Programs Co-operative Education Continuing Education Support Office of the Registrar Student Awards Office of the Provost Faculties Arts, Humanities, and Social Sciences Law Education Nursing Engineering Business Graduate Studies Human Kinetics Science Research Overview Vice-President, Research & Innovation Research & Innovation Services Research Appointments Research Ethics Research Safety Animal Care Research Finance Leddy Library UWill Discover! EPICentre Student Life Overview UWindsor Events SoCA Concerts & Events Lancers Varsity Sports University Players Athletics + Recreation Services Student Accessibility Services Residence Food Services Student Support Back to Top FUTURE STUDENTS ask.UWindsor MENU ask.UWindsor FUTURE STUDENTS Student Success and Leadership Centre In this section Your Success Matters! Academic Advising Alternative Spring Break Bounce Back Co-Curricular Record Connecting for Success External Scholarships & Awards Lead Leadership Hub Orientation Outstanding Scholars Skills to Enhance Personal Success (STEPS) Writing Support Desk Support for Parents Contact Information Your Success Matters! Academic Advising Alternative Spring Break Bounce Back Co-Curricular Record Connecting for Success External Scholarships & Awards Lead Leadership Hub Orientation Outstanding Scholars Skills to Enhance Personal Success (STEPS) Writing Support Desk Support for Parents Contact Information UWindsor Home Student Success and Leadership Centre Your Success Matters! Your Success Matters! Welcome to the Student Success and Leadership Centre! We offer a variety of programs to enhance your academic learning, personal success and leadership skills. The Student Success and Leadership Centre offers a range of services including Head Start orientation to familiarize you with our campus and get registered for courses. UWindsor Welcome Week celebrates your first week on campus and helps you to connect with new friends and colleagues. We provide study and time management sessions through the STEPS program as well as Writing Support to help you with your academic writing skills. No matter what your current level, we can help you to enhance your skills to ensure you are ready for the rigours of University academics. You can even sign up for a senior student mentor through the Connecting4Success Program. Check out some of our services below. Academic Advising The Advising Team is here to help undergraduate students with: Choosing or changing your program or major Understanding your degree audit and degree requirements Understanding academic regulations and procedures Adding, dropping, or withdrawing from a course Developing a plan to deal with academic difficulties (i.e., Academic Probation & Required to Withdraw) Reviewing your academic progress Referral to other relevant campus services Learn more about Academic Advising services for undergraduate students. Alternative Spring Break Alternative Spring Break (ASB) is a service-learning opportunity that builds teams of students and connects them with local partners. As an ASB team member, you will engage in meaningful community-driven service and critical personal reflection. Throughout the ASB program you’ll be encouraged to connect your academic studies to the project, and actively reflect on how your social justice commitments can engage with real-world challenges. Groups will be selected to ensure that there is representation from a wide range of academic programs. We want to build bridges for you between disciplines. Encountering different points of view can help students to think more critically and to connect the local with the global. Learn more about Alternative Spring Break. Bounce Back Bounce Back is a program designed to support students who are struggling to find success during their post-secondary experience, and will run weekly for 9 weeks, starting in the Winter semester. This program takes a holistic approach to student success. The program will focus on ways to increase your academic performance through effective learning strategies (i.e. time management, essay and exam preparation, etc.) but is also attentive to the other factors that can pose difficulties to first-year students (i.e. social adjustment, stress, mental health, etc.). Visit this page to learn more about Bounce Back and to apply to the program. Co-Curricular Record Document your on-campus extracurricular involvement with the Co-Curricular Record. This program gives University of Windsor students the ability to record their on-campus volunteer and/or paid experience on an official record that can be showcased to future employers and post-graduate schools. Learn more about your Co-Curricular Record. Connecting4Success A mentorship program for new UWindsor students. Get matched with an upper year student who can help guide you through your transition to UWindsor. Learn more about Connecting4Success. External Scholarships and Awards The University of Windsor is committed to providing a strong student award and financial aid program for all students. This page provides information to undergraduate students about scholarships and awards available from sources external to the university. Learn more about what external awards are avaiable. LEAD LEAD is a volunteer program available to all UWindsor students. This program is designed to enhance your experience, provide professional development and networking opportunities throughout campus while meeting other students having fun and enhancing many valuable skills! Want to get involved? If so, LEAD is the right volunteer program for you! Learn more about LEAD volunteer opportunities. Orientation We offer a variety of services to easy the transition for incoming first-year students here at the University of Windsor. Head Start and Welcome Week are only the beginning. For all updates on student life on campus, be sure to check us out on social media @UWinStudentExp or University of Windsor Student Experience. Learn more about Head Star and Welcome Week. Outstanding Scholars The Outstanding Scholars Program challenges and stimulates students by providing them with unique opportunities for academic discovery. During their first year of study Outstanding Scholars, first year Candidates meet with mentors to prepare them to hold an Academic Appointment starting in their second year. Learn more about Outstanding Scholars. Skills To Enhance Personal Success S.T.E.P.S. provides resources to help students develop practical methods that can improve learning and study skills across disciplines. Learn more about the S.T.E.P.S. workshops. Writing Support Located on the main floor of the main building of the Leddy Library, the Writing Support desk can help with all of your writing needs. Walk-in hours and appointments available. Visit the Writing Support Desk website. share tweet save Calendar November 2019 S M T W T F S 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 Our Location share tweet save Contact Us University Directory Accessibility News Services for Media UWindsor mobile apps Terms & Conditions Policies Manage UWin Account Emergency Services for Students Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Facebook Follow us on LinkedIn Follow us on Flickr Follow us on Youtube Follow us on Instagram
