http://leddy.uwindsor.ca/adc
Academic Data Centre | Leddy Library | University of Windsor Main menu About the University Academic Programs Research Admissions Student Life Giving International Gateways for: Future Students Current Students Faculty & Staff Alumni Log in to myUWindsor Leddy Library You are hereHome › Academic Data Centre Drop-in statistics and statistical software help are available during our open hours. We provide support for SPSS, Stata, SAS, and R and ArcGIS. Librarians and data experts at the ADC are available to researchers and students for consultation. Get expert help on finding datasets, accessing confidential Statistics Canada data, interpreting statistical methods and procedures, creating graphs and maps, or managing your research data. Email us for an appointment. Get started with data by reading one of our research guides. Key sources of data Statistics Canada Data from the nation's statistical agency—the starting point for any statistical research on Canada. Access Census and other survey data. Alternatively, access StatCan data through CANSIM @ CHASS, for easier bulk-download. <odesi> Contains over 5,300 datasets for the social sciences, with more than 17,900 additional dataset descriptions available for searching. Access opinion polls, public StatCan data and raw StatCan data released through the Data Liberation Initiative (otherwise unavailable on the StatCan site). Alternatively, browse the <odesi> database with Nesstar. ICPSR One of the world's largest archives of social science data, ICPSR includes social surveys, polls, longitudinal data files, and more, from countries around the world. re3data.org A registry of research data repositories. Use this to search for over 2,000 research data repositories, which store primary research data deposited by researchers and research groups across all disciplines. UWindsor Dataverse The University of Windsor's institutional data repository. Search for primary research data created by Windsor researchers. Data and statistics research guides Business and Financial Data Canadian Census Data Computer Science Data Data on Developing Countries Education Statistics and Data Environmental Engineering, Pollution and Climate Data Geospatial Services and Guides Health Statistics and Data Human Kinetics and Sport Microdata for Analysis Political Science Data Psychology Data Qualitative Research and Data Social Work Statistics Windsor and Area Statistics Women's Studies Statistics and Data Course guides Course Guide: 85-222, Treatment of Experimental Data Course Guide: 01-209 Ethics in the Profession Course Guide: 78-632, Quantitative Studies Email: libdata@uwindsor.ca Location: 1st Floor, Leddy Library, Room 1104 (next to Brown Gold Coffee Shop) Hours: Monday through Friday: 12.30 pm to 4.30 pm. Please contact libdata@uwindsor.ca for support. Print this page Display text-only version Search Library Catalogue Journal Articles & Research Tools Journal List Order From Other Libraries Course Readings Help Research Help Statistics and Data Help Writing Help Computer Help Services Borrowing Submit Course Resource Lists Check Group Rooms Contact Us About Leddy Academic Data Centre Services Statistical software and services Research data management UWindsor Dataverse Statistics Canada Research Data Centre Geospatial services Getting started Geospatial data guides GIS help and tutorials GIS software GIS news and blogs Tweets by @UWinDataCentre Contact the Library University Directory Campus Map University Archives Rare Books & Special Collections Academic Data Centre Statistics Canada Research Data Centre Law Library Campus Copyright Information Copyright Guidelines & Requirements Copyright Resources Campus Copyright Updates Alberta Copyright Modules Collection of Personal Information Scholarship @ UWindsor Open Access Windsor Centre for Digital Scholarship Southwestern Ontario Digital Archive Polonia Centre Polish book fund Mental Health Resources University Home Leddy Library Home About the Library Sitemap
